Sige ka na, bakuna man?

2. She made us dinner and this is how you pay her back?
Waray: Siya na ag kain na ag kaugma.

3. I haven't had anything yet, so how can I have some more of nothing?
Waray: Walay na ag ugoy, so ag ugoy na ag kaila nai.

4. You see each other by accident, but nothing's happening?
Waray: Gihatag ka na ang isa sa isa, lakong ginamit ka na.

5. Do you have plans to own a meat shop and make a pig out of your daughter?
Waray: Gani ka ginana kang may-akda ng isang kalakalan ng baboy at magtayo ka na ng pig sa ina?

6. She got you drunk and now you're apologizing to her?
Waray: Siya na nagtamba ko, ag kaugma ko.

7. I don't have anything against Jorge Sotús, but how can you let someone with no experience take charge of the troops?
Waray: Walay ginagamit ko kay Jorge Sotús, lakong ginana ng isang bagay na may kabuuhan lamang walang kaalaman ang nagtung-tungo sa mga hener.

8. And it can walk and move its eyes?
Waray: Ang katiwala nai, ag naglalakbay na.

9. You're not any threat, and they let someone like you be an Eva pilot?
Waray: Ang ginawa nako ay di ka kawang-kawa pa, lakong ginana ka ng isang bagay na magpapilot ng Eva.

10. You attack my students and disrespect my studio?
Waray: Ag kaugma ko sa mga mag-aaral ko, ag nagtangka-lakbay sa studio ko.

11. You want me to get down on my knees and beg you to come back?
Waray: Gusto mo ba na ag kuta ko sa isang mukha ng kautalan?

12. Too busy to talk to the cops, but free to take Nelson to dinner?
Waray: Gani ka na nagpunta ko sa pulisya, lakong giniit pa ko sa Nelson ang makan.

13. Yeah, we know that from your card, but who are you?
Waray: Ang kagamitan nako ay di ko sige, lakong gi-identify pa ko sa inyo?

14. Did he find out what you're doing and threatened to expose you?
Waray: Gani ka na nagtanong ka ng anuman ang ginawa ko, ag pinatibok ko.

15. So, Dylan, want me to help you get it back all together so we can frame it?
Waray: Giniit pa mo ba na ag tulong kita sa mag-asa ko?

16. Listen, Officer, I hate putting it this way, but... do you know who I am?
Waray: Sumulat ka nako, Officer, lakong giniit pa ko ang pagkakasabi na... alam ka ba si ako?

17. So, you trust me now, or are you just desperate?
Waray: Ag ginagamit ka sa akin ngayon, o ba sa desesperado talo kita?

18. The fortune-teller, Ms. Park, mentioned it, do you remember that?
Waray: Ang katutuwa nako si Ms. Park, lakong agkakita ko pa sa anumang bagay.

19. I don't understand, you want me to move you?
Waray: Walay ginagamit ko kayo ngayon, o ba ag kaugma kita?

20. So who is this person and what does their other faces look like?
Waray: Ang kawalang-awat nako ay si... lakong gi-identify pa ko sa inyo.

21. We're allowed to leave, so why are we staying?
Waray: Ginagamit ka sa akin na pagkakaroon ng pag-agaw ng kabuhayan, lakong ginana nako.

22. You took all the money three years ago, and you dare to talk about money?
Waray: Ang gi-hapon kita ng pera pa sa tatlong taon na ang nagtung-tungo, o ba ag kautalan ka?

23. Would you rather take the ambulance with a broken back, or walk out on your own?
Waray: Ginagamit ko ka iba, lakong ginana nako.

24. I'm uploading Madam Kim's file as requested, so can you please take a look?
Waray: Ag kautalan kita, lakong gi-identify pa ko sa inyo.

25. Did you take a jacket out to wear because it was cold or did someone  raid your truck en route?
Waray: Ginagamit mo ba ang kalakal nako sa pag-agaw ng kaaya, o ba ag kautalan kita?

26. You were being accused and you had the nerve to answer them back?
Waray: Ginagamit ko ka nagpapatawad, lakong gi-identify pa ko sa inyo.

27. I'm trying, but what are we even looking for?
Waray: Ag ginagamit kita, lakong ginana nako ang pagkakasa.

28. Because you wanna go public, or because somebody figured it out?
Waray: Ginagamit kita sa publiko, o ba ag kautalan ka?

29. I wouldn't have minded being consulted about a new hire, but I'm just the head writer, so what do I know?
Waray: Ginagamit ko ka pag-uulat, lakong ginana nako.

30. Is there anything about you that's real, or is it all just Gucci and lies?
Waray: Ang kawalang-awat nako ay walay tumpak, o ba ag kaugma kita?

31. Can I have my dryer, or are you too busy entombing your brother?
Waray: Ginagamit ko ka na ag tulong kita sa dryer ko.

32. Yes. Now, darling, obviously, it's not about money, but was it really necessary to hire Chef Philippe?
Waray: Oo. Ngayon, si darling, obviyu, hindi lang tungkol sa pera, lakong ginana nako.

33. Excuse me, are beds available, or do you only serve drinks?
Waray: Kumusta ka? ang kalakalan ko ba?

34. You seduced Kang Ha-jun, and now you're pretending to be delirious?
Waray: Ag ginagamit kita sa isang kababayan lamang.

35. You don't even know the guy, so why would you interfere?
Waray: Ginagamit ko ka walang alam na ang pagkakasabi nako.

36. It's clear Yang Jae-myeong is up to no good, so why aren't you doing anything?
Waray: Ginagamit ko ka ag kautalan kita sa Yang Jae-myeong.

37. Then his child gets better, and he kills himself?
Waray: Ang ginawa nako ay magkakalawang-lawang.

38. Didn't I say... to have the contract ready by today, so I could spend the money?
Waray: Ginagamit ko ka ng isang bagay na walang ginagamit kita.

39. I was almost killed, and you want me to keep quiet?
Waray: Ag kautalan kita sa akin.

40. She secretly gave you a raise, and you did this to her in return?
Waray: Ang gi-hapon kita ng pera pa sa tatlong taon na ang nagtung-tungo, o ba ag kautalan ka?

41. You may not have dressed for me, but may I see?
Waray: Ginagamit ko ka ang kawalang-awat nako.

42. If she comes back and she wants to leave, can I go with her?
Waray: Ag ginagamit kita sa akin.

43. Is that a cowlick, or are you just glad to see me?
Waray: Ginagamit ko ka ang kawalang-awat nako.

44. When was the last time you wore those pajamas, and why were they ripped?
Waray: Ang ginagamit kita sa pag-agaw ng kaaya sa pag-wear nako ng isang bagay.

45. Perhaps he went out at night for some hanky panky so he had to take off the ring?
Waray: Ginagamit ko ka ang kawalang-awat nako.

46. I would never ever want to put you in an awkward situation, but who is your least favorite person in the room?
Waray: Ang ginagamit kita sa akin.

47. You don't have to say who, but have you had any dalliance with people in comedy?
Waray: Ginagamit ko ka ang kawalang-awat nako.

48. I'm an upcoming artist, can you take a look at my portfolio?
Waray: Ang ginagamit kita sa akin.

49. Could you go and see how my grandfather is doing?
Waray: Ag ginagamit kita sa akin.

50. Did you take a jacket out to wear because it was cold or did someone  raid your truck en route?
Waray: Ginagamit ko ka ang kawalang-awat nako.
