No, somebody stole him and sent me this note.
I've sold my house in Manila and decided to invest in real estate here.
I didn't want to risk the car conking out on the road, so I came here instead.
He doesn't need my good name to boost his reputation because he doesn't care what people say.
Your tickets are confirmed, but Sergio says he needs money for a new tux.
Well, I thought you'd like to know that she found herself a new guy and they're out at the Saint Pierre Club, having fun at your expense.
I told you, a fire had broken out and I was trying to save the school.
I promise you that I'll always be there for you, but you've gotta promise to be good from now on.
He has this flatulence problem and he's eating a pizza, and it's her.
It's gonna be a short game, and I gotta get home for lunch.
I didn't know what that meant, but Benny had a dream that night too, and his was a lot more helpful.
That's nice of you, but that ball really is signed by Babe Ruth.
We'll let the cops leave and then we'll cross the river.
This isn't the reason I can't breathe but that light over there!
I wish you can forget all of these so I can be confident when I'm with you.
We've been travelling together so long... but I haven't seen her smile once.
But I so much want a new pair because I really love sports.
My son's really smart, but even he can't pass without cheating.
There was a terrible accident, and your dad passed away.
I can't speak for the rest but this is one of the finest colleges in the country.
I wanted to capture all these memories and take them home.
Man survives by forgetting his memories, but there are some things a man should never forget.
You've seen only with your eyes, so you are easy to fool.
Yes, I got the tickets, and I got an extra one for Mr. Han.
Well, excuse me, but I'm the only one that came up with a clue!
So then he gets this phone call and that's when he really freaked out.
He would call at weird times of the day and night and texted him a lot.
Right now we have one lovely lady that is touring the country right now and were so honored to have her here.
You know i'm not on the bill tonight, but I thought I would you know drop-in.
I'm not jealous that you're married, but I am jealous that you have a daughter like her.
I stopped liking my job, but I keep working because it pays well.
If we find you, you're deserters.
I know you are very reckless, but you can't always put yourself on the frontline.
I need to send a message to Drummer and I need your help.
Well, I looked into starting my own nonprofit watchdog group, but start-up costs are prohibitive.
They're the guys who are gonna tell us the truck broke down and they had to call another one to come pick up the trailer.
I saw you protect Angela and Mikey, so I guess you're playing it square.
You haven't been able to eat much because of morning sickness, but you can eat so well now.
She looks like a student, but she wasn't carrying any student stuff.
She came by my house and prayed for us the other day, so I wanted to send her a thank-you gift.
He told me he had a steady job, and that was enough for me to marry him.
I'm sorry, ma'am, but I don't have their photos.
I'm already suffering from Alzheimer's, and yet you're still hurting me.
I ran after her to stop her, but she quickly got on a motorbike.
I just came back and here I am attending another one.
Nothing was stolen and nobody broke in.
I don't know when, but I'll definitely let you know.
I'll convince my father and we'll both turn ourselves in.
She even checked if we were all dead, and she reeked of alcohol.
You live a long life, and I'll take care of myself.
I still need to go to my father and stop him from hurting himself.
There were times when I resented you the most, but I actually hated our society and country.
I heard my innocent and hard-working Yoon-ji was seeing you, so I haven't been able to sleep.
You have a cool phone, but you don't use it for games.
It might've been fun for you two, but it could've hurt someone.
You caused a mess and took a day off, so your coworker had to clean it up.
I liked you first, so I chased you around.
He just got here today, so he doesn't have a name yet.
I'm the only one who came alone, so it feels awkward.
You call me dad, but you talk so disrespectfully.
I may look like this, but I used to play sports.
Okay, I'll go and get one.
He won't bite instantly, but it would've been enough to provoke him.
I wanted to get them souvenirs from Korea, but I haven't been paid yet.
His facial features stand out, and he has a pretty head and ears.
You'll find out soon enough, but you're the only one who can help me in my endeavors.
I have my own access card, so I can get the master key card from the security office.
Kyle isn't in the best shape today, so I'll act as your bodyguard.
It's 50 million won for 10ml, and you'll need at least 20ml to save her.
We have an event tonight, so I might be home late.
Either the sample was contaminated, or the DNA sample was switched.
I never wanted any of this to happen, but they hurt me first.
People fall out of love, but it's not anyone's fault.
She needs a costume for school, and Liana's not available.
He's got a crush on you, so I gave him your Facegram account.
I spent so much money, but they all said the same thing.
I don't understand how, but I saw it.
I saved your life, but you're looking for another man right away.
I came here earlier to ask your daughter something, but I left my stuff here.
I'm going to count down from three, and that's gonna be your cousin's last chance.
It's a beautiful moment but I really could use a hand.
I know what you're thinking, and they're just too old.
His name is Kuki, and you'll have to help us take care of him.
I think Tin and Tina are responsible and that they're playing this horrendous game.
Everything went well, and the baby is doing great.
He followed me home from a Red Lobster six years ago, and I can't seem to shake him.
Thank you so much for coming over, but as you can see, we are busy.
My dad's programmed every second of my life, and it's exhausting.
They want their food, and they want it fast.
We're separated now, but the breakup didn't just leave me with heartache and scars.
I don't know about y'all, but I'm tired of waiting for answers.
Family is the most important thing in the world to me, and I come with a big family.
I gave him what he wanted so he could stop wanting it so badly.
I threw you under the bus, but I think it worked.
You can't just walk in off the street and ask to be booked on the show.
They're a very good group of writers, and I am thrilled to be here.
He was the only dog there and I was the only person.
I have a couple memories of a mom, but I don't remember what she looks like.
My love language is acts of service, but Larry doesn't get that.
We can put you through rehab again, so you can dry out.
You might be able to put on a pretty face, but I can see the real you.
I wasn't supposed to say anything to you, but he's scared he's gonna die like his father.
I'll give it to him, but I can't promise he'll read it.
Juvara's launched his campaign, and we still lack someone to oppose him.
I tried to leave him many times, but he just wouldn't...
Aunt is busy, so you'll have to wait.
I understand you can't make exceptions, but I don't have it right now.
He said his name was Giulio, and he was supposed to meet us here.
It's an important friendship, but I don't want it to weigh her down as well.
Your mom took fifty million, so the fee is five.
It's like we're boxers, but we exchange a lot more than just our fists.
This one time, a gang leader was stuck in traffic, so he was having a smoke with his window rolled down.
It's a children's room, so it's a bit small.
He's the one that threw me out the window, and he's as strong as an ox.
We need to get more men and put them at the hospital.
I got plenty of sleep, but thank you.
I went over there as soon as your grandfather called me, but I got there late.
You need to know how to use a knife, so you can counter someone using one.
He can press a button on his phone, and this thing will burn its contents.
I'll call an ambulance, and you'll get some rest.
We'll have to monitor his progress, but the surgery was successful.
Thanks to this scar, I was able to meet some amazing people, and it gave me the strength to carry on instead of giving up.
I'll organize the data, and we can dive into it together.
Our customers walk around in masks, so it's hard to tell.
Well, I'm getting married, and I'd like to send him a wedding invitation.
