Now go to sleep, my little mermaid.
Go ahead, make a fool of yourself.
Let's get outta here before something else happens.
And don't spend your time lookin' around for something you want that can't be found.
Let's go away right now.
Please call him instead of Mom.
No running in the hall!
Turn it on when I tell you.
Get us all the wood you can for this much, please.
Come back here, you ugly little freak!
Tell your husband and son to come here!
Better go tell him there's more trouble brewing.
Please leave us for a moment.
Tell Oltuski the money will be put to good use.
Go clean up before class starts.
Sir, kindly switch off your mobile phone.
Now get my brother from the airport.
Take care of Shinji for me, dear.
Take me out of the project.
Just stand in the corner, my child.
But just answer me this one question.
Let's go fill out the paperwork.
Let's bring up our contestants for the last time.
Please don't let him know I'm here.
Do not enter that mountain without me.
Please don't say my name.
Just call me your second mom.
Teach this girl some respect.
Take me to the church of the holy jubilation.
Let us in just for a few minutes.
Tell them what happened in that bathtub.
Tell me the piano got tuned.
Honey, you shouldn't strain yourself.
Take the sick to the shelter!
Give it to me, damn it!
Speak up instead of mumbling!
Just keep an eye on that hotel and them.
Please tell Dr. Park about our plan to go night fishing tonight!
Hold it in, hold it in, hold it in!
You better open your mouth instead.
Find someone to talk to!
Be merry with your lover!
Pretend you're surfing in Siargao!
Hey guys, babes, come here!
Don't block the car door!
Just send me an email.
Don't ever call me again.
Follow me on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and of course YouTube.
Hello beautiful, please buy some pillows.
Tell the others we will assemble by the bridge.
Get back to work, people!
Get back to me with ten billion in five years.
Don't interfere with someone else's family matters.
Come to my place now.
For now, give your boss a proper send-off.
Please give me the antidote.
Mix it with water before drinking.
From now on, eat whatever you want.
Just put your shirt on, now!
Abby, please don't blame yourself.
Handa, don't write that down!
Leak the information to the media.
Get me three ambulances immediately.
Go check the other rooms.
Let me take care of this.
Bring me a brush and an inkstone.
Just remember the techniques I taught you.
Don't give out too much information.
Get me off the car, please.
Tell us what you've had to eat lately.
Don't let the light go out.
Come with me to the village chief's place!
Give me back my daughters!
Shen Wei, scan a 10-mile radius for any fast-moving vehicles.
Put your hands behind your back!
Get out of my house.
Mommy, come see what we're doing!
There you go, sleep now.
Just put the gun down.
B-Squad, shut down the front gate.
Alpha, Tango, Romeo, secure it.
Take my wife back to her room, please.
Send my regards to Marianna.
Marianna, go wait in the dining room.
Promise me you'll keep this matter confidential.
Don't apply oil on my face, Mom!
Come on, back to work.
Turn off the lights and the sign outside.
Turn your phones off for now.
Sell off anything that's of any value.
Tell Beom he needs to get to the office by 1:00.
Just keep the restaurant running.
Come to the restaurant tomorrow.
Watch your tone with me.
Now show us the stairs.
Tell me everything from the start.
Get your wife some meat.
Have them meet you at the bar you like.
Woo-jin and Gun-woo, do whatever the hell you want.
Please trust me a little more.
Please take your temperature here.
Scan the QR code with your phone.
Come to Incheon's Four Garden shopping mall in one hour.
Please get all that information out of him using your Marine tactics.
Go ahead, Precious, get her a chair.
Chiara, please don't do this to me.
Scan every pixel of CCTV at every gas station and every ATM.
Let me speak to my babies to make sure they're...
Get your hands off of me.
Grab the ones at the bottom, Garriga.
Get outta my pool, you lousy punks!
Hold him up on the other side, Rodri.
This is Ray, leave a message.
Please go back to bed.
Let it slide this time.
Listen to what the boss says!
Gather all our troops and weapons.
Hey, Mr. Edward, please teach me alchemy sometime.
Grab a hold of me.
Sing something that means something to you.
Make them redraw all the maps.
Open your books to page 128.
Close the doors behind you.
Don't run too far, Viktor.
Eat dinner nice and slow.
