If you had a wife as sweet and beautiful as mine, why would you want a night life?
Can't you open your heart to me even just a bit, with whatever little love you can spare?
And to prove you're proud of me, why don't we have our picnic in your clubhouse?
You think people will buy that juice drink you're holding if you're as listless... and lifeless as that?
Sir, since the last victim is alive, will the case be finally solved?
If there's nothing wrong, then why doesn't she remember anything?
When I asked this question, were you excited?
If you don't study and earn, how will she marry?
With such fear of tomorrow, how'll you live today?
Starting today, to avoid confusion we'll go by our first names, okay?
You should go talk to her, unless you're scared?
Architect, since you're here, why don't you try your suit on?
Will someone get mad if we go out tomorrow?
First, he tied you down to a debt of gratitude, then he imprisoned you in his loneliness.
Where did your shame go when you went out with both my husband and son?
I'm sorry, did I just say that all out loud?
How come the only time you actually make sense, is when it involves me humiliating myself?
Well, did you see him go back in the bar after he called Detective Winters?
Did you check the house phone to see if we had any messages?
Will you do the same thing to me if I am in Mom's condition?
If you could tell your parents one more time, do you think you could change their mind?
How can you lecture me when you're setting her up for disaster all over again?
Was the video intentionally cut because you wanted to ruin me?
If you go skydiving, why are you scared of this?
Well, but where would we be if everyone thought like that?
So, if someone's coming after the 110, how come they haven't made a run at the three of us yet?
I don't know, if you're gonna spend the rest of your life with somebody, don't you want to feel something more than comfort?
I thought it was so cool how he could talk to fish, 'cause I wanted to talk to my dog, you know?
If I give it to you and ask you to stop, would you stop?
And then, when we had our second child, you know what he did?
If you're Prince Charles, then who am I?
But wait, where did you drop off my daughter when she left this bag?
Why are you asking for my relatives' photos when you're yearning for your relatives?
Why do you have to escape when nobody's preventing you from leaving?
Who cares about someone like me who wants to disappear?
Rufa Mae, I'm so sorry, but I need to ask, how does it feel to play a game blindfolded?
And if they really insist that this gift is what will save mankind, that what is that gift, really?
No one took anything, but they opened the place?
Is it true that if you miss someone, you're already falling in love with them?
Can you say you never wavered when you saw me?
How can someone take this video if no one knows?
What's the point of having a rich mom if you're going to steal?
Why would you go there when you can just date me?
If I give you an account number, could you look up who owns it?
Who'd believe you when I'll say that you did?
If you're separating, why are you still living together under one roof?
Are you mad at me because I didn't contact you sooner?
Did you have to meet in my clinic where nobody could see or hear you?
If it's okay with you, can you also be our event organizer?
Do you know what happens when I don't see my money, Fagin?
Do you have a number where he can be reached?
Well, if I'm not gonna tell anyone about you talking to me, do you promise not to tell anyone?
If you really want to make up for it, how about handing us that amulet on that shelf?
How can you dream of healing anyone if you don't care about other people?
How far would she go before curiosity got the best of her?
How long's it been since you heard from Vanessa?
I know we just started seeing each other, but I was just wondering if maybe... perhaps we could go on more trips together?
You wouldn't happen to know where they keep the tank, would you?
When it comes to those you love, what lengths are you willing to go to protect them?
And when the world pushes you like that, you wonder can you come back from it?
How would you suggest I find out if the secretary made a secret side trip on his way over here?
Can you stop your brain for one second and take in all the information before you speak?
No matter what you hear, you don't come out until I come get you, okay?
When those men came with the machines that flew, did it ever make you think what else they could build out there?
If there's a chance in hell our daughter didn't do it, shouldn't we do whatever we can to find out?
Can I at least know if you've accepted the nomination to the Chamber?
So you're telling me there's no way to know whether these girls participated in your research?
Well, if they're not Cesare's, can we hope for a release?
If you loved someone, would you let them do something like this?
Can we go back to that wonderful time when we didn't see each other?
You know that if you had written novels instead of studying law, we'd have been spared a lot of trouble?
If you're so sure the tooth belongs to Commander Talarico, why not take it to the prosecutor?
If I invite you to dinner, would I risk eating alone again?
How can I act out a happy ending with the hater while my first love is right before my eyes?
So if you write, "sunrise" on the beach, are we going to see the sun rise on the horizon again?
You got some nerve dropping off the grid, then coming here to ask me for money, huh?
How do you think you're gonna protect people if you don't have any patience?
If I can convince her to hire both me and Gun-woo, sir, would that mean I also get to receive a salary?
So if saving that man was the right thing, why did you have to apologize for what we did?
Before I rip those kids' heads off, should I chop off yours first?
After all, what man wouldn't squeal if they were in your current position?
Why did he drink so much if he's such a lightweight?
Would you mind if I came in to check your bathroom?
Do you wanna go after we eat?
Now, you're telling me, if we don't stand by each other, we can't get through anything?
When you get back to school, can you imagine the crazy stories you're gonna have?
Can we all take a sip before bringing it to your dad?
When you don't know what you're talking about, keep your mouth shut.
If you don't mind, can I ask you something?
If you happen to see Cho-yeon there... could you give these to her for me?
Well, if you're Kei's friend... why don't you two have some ramen before you go?
Whether he went out or not, how would I know?
Well, do you mind if I stick around long enough to sing "Happy Birthday" to Toby?
You want to break up because you're concerned about me?
What if he feels hurt because I'm not there when he wakes up?
Hey, now that you negotiated protection with the commander of the army, no one's gonna try messing with us, right?
Now that I'm taking some time off work, do you want to go on a vacation?
When you ran out here, did you see anyone leaving their house?
Why are you asking if you already know?
Since you hid the fact that Vy left the cabin at midnight, you're now scared of being seen as an accomplice?
If it were your parents in the cell, what would you do?
When doing a background check on Luu, did you trace back Mrs. Loan's maiden name?
If those are the escape routes, shouldn't they lead away from the mansion?
Have you ever had any of your peers come after you or disagree publicly with what you said?
Did you hear what Katherine said before she brought me on?
You remember during the pandemic when shops were terrifying and we all had to order food online?
Even if He were just a brainwashing tool, don't you ever think maybe your brain could use a good... scrub?
Why order wine when you don't drink?
Even after telling him that, he still won't change his mind?
If you do this, does it mean you're dating?
If I'm so precious to you, why did you want to leave me?
If you're so worried about me, why did you leave me alone?
Could you do without a wife back then since you were young and fit?
Do you think you can because it's your own life?
Even though you found your birth mother, are your adoptive parents still precious to you?
Why did you ask me to get burgers when you rarely have them?
If she can't tell you where she is, how the hell are you gonna find her?
Cause if he doesn't find out you broke it, you won't have to go away again, right?
Why would they pray if they don't want to pay the price?
Now why would you need your personal trainer's home address unless there was more to the relationship?
Wouldn't it be better to work toward escaping rather than just standing around here?
So what are you gonna do now that you're out in the open?
And now that the writing's on the wall, you wanna surrender?
Should we carry out a ritual when he gets discharged?
Can you just not touch the stuff until everything's accounted for?
