Listen, could you resolve the problem if you follow the instructions?
Now, I'm not here to tell you how to live your life, but are you really certain you want me to give you a new face because you wanted to?
I'm sorry, but could I just have a quick look around, if you don't mind?
Is this still a joke to you, or are you not comprehending because you're not the one that they're gossiping about?
I'm only asking this out of guilt, but are you avoiding me because I asked you to go out with me?
Okay, you've got one choice if you wanna go faster, and that's to let me up there, got it?
If it's bothering you, why don't you just sit with him and talk about it?
When you do this, would you play with the people at home in your mind or would you play with the room in your mind?
But now that you're old and sick, your love for me is suddenly rekindled and you want to cling to me?
You could have found it before it died, but you didn't, did you?
You could not stop praising me when you wanted me, but are you getting picky now that I am here?
If we are here to apologize, should we bow and brownnose them?
Tanguy calls me this morning, the day after the World Cup, no less, even though I'm not involved in the case, because you asked him to, and now you change your mind?
You're talking to a guy from the future, and you're the only one on the planet who can talk to him?
When you look back on this trip, I want you to remember you and me spending time together, not you waiting for your boyfriend to call, all right?
He always calls the cops on us, but he's got like 400 acres, so what does he care if we get wasted in the way back of his land, you know?
Remember when I was convinced Glenn made my heart race, or that time I thought I was gonna pass out because I was upside down?
I waited for you through your stupid rehab, and now you're shipping out of town, showing up with a couple hundred bucks when you owe me 15 grand?
Okay, Mom, off the top of my head, would you rather have your husband die or give away all his stuff without asking us if we wanted any of it?
I know that you're very supportive of my mother, but also, isn't there a 19-year-old with daddy issues in this restaurant somewhere whose self-esteem you should be absolutely destroying?
You liked me when I was a little baby that you could boss around, and now you don't, you don't want any part of actual, real, messy, grown-up Paul, okay?
You know, I was thinking about choosing a Shrek character, because it's my favorite, but I don't know, this moon is really speaking to me, right?
If I can get this little birdie into his cup, will you agree to, at best, go home with me and, at worst, we hit the dance floor and have a good time?
So you think I'm just going to drop a case and go back to making it with you like this conversation never happened?
I'm supposed to throw away everything that I've built because my brother returns from Vietnam and goes back to work for the monster that ruined our lives?
I mean, you know, if we were gonna ditch, why would I come back and help your friend?
Look, I don't mean to be insensitive, but am I the only one who heard the part about a "safe place"?
If you hate him so much, why not just hire me to kill him, or why hire me at all?
She served you loyally since she was a child, endured years of abuse on your orders, and you reduce her to an example?
If I was working with Manticore, why would I be trying to break into a black site to free a Citadel agent, and why are you still alive?
Well, you better figure it out soon 'cause we might lose our house and then when are we supposed to go then, Tom?
You know what it's like when you don't know anything at all, and yet you're totally certain that everything would be better if you were just near one particular person?
I care, but the reason it took so long for me to make detective is because if he was lying to me that much all the time and I didn't know, how could I be some detective?
So now that we've established a level of trust, why don't you say where this gold is and we could order fish sandwiches and be friends?
Is that the same God whose plan it was that I get knocked up in college, that Mama get cancer, and that she blow her head off over it?
So you bring me in here, and you bust me on some stupid charges about some guy who died from taking a crap?
I don't know what you're on, but I'm gonna walk past you, through that door, and if you touch me, I'm gonna scream, okay?
Okay, extricate them from the pod, and can you log in the results before they're released back to gen pop?
You can't tell by all the commotion between his brothers, but if you can love him, who are we to judge?
Remember when you were little and I used to chase the monsters out from under your bed, and I'd listen to your stories, and I'd listen to your fears and your excuses when you came home late?
Do you ever notice how 7:50 looks like 7:50 when you say the numbers, but if you see it on the clock, it looks like ten to 8:00?
Don't tell me that you don't remember me, because if you don't remember, then what does that say about me?
I was worried before because I've never seen your father so badly hurt, but taking on aliens in another dimension?
You know that feeling when you try to crack your knuckle, and it's straining, and you're not sure if the knuckle's gonna pop, but then it does in, like, a really satisfying way?
They've been told enemy forces are planning to use injured animals to draw them into the open, so what would these highly trained young men do if a wounded dog were to appear in front of their position?
When you got that first letter, did you just want to grab your husband and kids and get out of here?
So your solution is making civilians part of your plans, and blaming them when it goes wrong?
Do you remember when we were ten and we went swimming, and I couldn't find you or you couldn't find me, and there was just panic, was chaos?
You know how in video games... like, when other people die, the game keeps going, but then when you die, it's game over?
Well, I know that there won't be any soft tissue left on the body but we will be able to see if the hyoid is crushed and if there's any knife wounds in the oral cavity, won't we?
Because all Dulcie has been trying to do is stop people from dying, and you broke up with her because of it?
That's what she's had to fight through, and who are you to try to take away her dream because of your perception of who she is and what her talent is?
Remember when you were little and you gave Oscar a piggyback, and he fell and started crying and screaming, and the doctor asked me to hold him down while he's putting the stitches in him?
What if there were an app where everyone actually had masks on, so they could tell the truth without fear and be sincere?
I know we agreed not to talk about stuff like this, and you don't have to answer if you don't want to, but how do you do it and not get caught?
You know when you got your phone face down on the table, and you're in your kitchen, and you're talking to your friend about, I don't know, shoe deodorizers, and then you go on your computer and what pops up?
Is it a head shave and some probation, and then you're just gonna glue the hair back on if she wins an appeal?
I know we don't know each other, but I'm freaking out because I think my forehead really smells, so can you just smell it for me?
I'm visiting from Germany, and I wanted to know if Anabel Scott is in your hospital?
Are you asking us to help you with this because you really think it's going to work, or are you just trying to die?
Is it more important to you to save the whole world, with sacrifices, or to protect someone, even if it's just one person?
I don't even know if I'll get a good night's sleep, but whenever I think that things will get tough for me... how tough could it get for you?
Did school become hell because my bullies are demons, or did I end up falling into hell because of something I had done?
You were crying all this time, and you start bargaining with me when it's almost time for my flight?
Because you like each other, you live together, because you love him, you marry him, you're pregnant, so you have a baby, you'll just live like that?
I don't know what the relationship is between you two, but if you care about her, shouldn't you try to stop her?
You laughed while I was being screwed, and now that it's about you, it's not so funny?
Most people throw a fit because they couldn't become a doctor, so why did you choose to become a full-time housewife?
I know you got out of med school long ago, but you must know how serious it is when liver panel results are 3,600, right?
You shamelessly turned your back on your family for 20 years, and you ask if I've been well?
You've been brandishing your sword around without any guilt, and now you're growing a conscience just because she's gone?
Are they that loud because they're meant to drown out the wails of her family; is that what you think?
Those scoundrels get to breathe because Cheonmyeong allows it, and they think that they're superheros, or something?
Are you upset that they opened Vampire Tteokbokki when you're the real vampire or that they opened a snack shop in the same building as yours?
Don't say we were busy or that you didn't wanna bother us because we're a team now, and we do everything together, right?
Were you afraid of being alone... and the older boys shouting at you that no one would ever want you because you're a loser?
You're threatening to ban me when I'm only here to apply to your company but you treated me unfairly?
You can stab someone with your eyes closed, but how can you find your way to your target when you can't see?
I know, but maybe you didn't do that because now I'm destroying the evidence and who even remembers now?
Is there a reason why this evidence wasn't found when the body was discovered, but it was a few days later?
Has he ever said anything about who he wanted to meet or where he wanted to go when he was released?
How can I forgive them if until the end they still think they did nothing wrong to me, and why should I even try when they’ve never apologized?
I think if he'd have lived to stand trial, he'd have beaten the rap, 'cause everyone loves him, and he'd be so vulnerable in court as well, wouldn't he?
We know that every atom, every molecule of the human body, is composed of energy, but what happens to that human energy field when the body dies?
If my name should somehow get crossed out, then no death registered, and guess who's immortal?
I figure since we did 100% of the work, why not keep 100% of the diamonds?
If the ruling classes agreed to land reforms and tax reforms, if the standard of living could be raised, wouldn't the message of the Cuban revolution lose its power?
Well, during our argument you said something about two aggravated assault charges and I was wondering maybe after all this time you might want to elaborate on all that?
I hate to mention it after all this time but do you remember when we were in Palm Springs and I thought you were a killer and I bashed you over the head with my laptop?
Money is so easy to leave behind, but... what will happen to him when I'm gone?
I know you're grouped according to your schools, but we need to say goodbye to our schoolmates for a while, all right?
Did you also tell him that we're here because we're looking for the only person who can testify against the validity of your marriage?
I’d known we had no budget because the company was failing, but who knew that huge company would get sold off?
Should I put her in jail or should I let her off easy after I get my necklace back?
I mean, if you look at the education system, why are taught Shakespeare and Algebra before we’re taught conservation or we’re taught how to survive on the planet?
I didn't come in here for shouting 'hurrah', but who'd think about that while struggling in here?
If everyone Trent knew was invited, and Trent, technically, knew her, then wasn't she invited?
I know that I was weird to you before, but if I haven't totally blown it, would you wanna grab food sometime?
Devi had hoped that kissing Paxton wasn't a one-time thing, but ever since he showed up at her house, he had been a little bit, how do you say... distant?
You don't want to lose me, but what will I do if I lose you?
And when you ran out of money, you went to pick it up and realized there was barely any money for you, huh?
And now you're saying that because Zax Pharma tried to develop a nonaddictive opioid, that proves that George Zax knew that opioids were addictive?
So what gives you the right to sue my client and claim they had knowledge that opioids were addictive when you were the one who told them to stop looking into it?
So when Zax released Trimadone, they knew opioids were addictive, and that a nonaddictive version was possible?
Do you remember when we were kids, my mom used to say if you swung high enough, you could kick the clouds around with a toe?
When the fire was burning at the Graybill House, did you run or did you stand there and watch, while you knew Heather was trapped inside?
I'm not sure if he's on Rachel's side; what do you reckon?
They'll ask if we all jump off a cliff, that mean you'll do it?
Is there anything you can tell me that's, like, for sure—narrow it down, why one person would turn into a vampire but another wouldn't, even if they both got bit?
It means I can't help you if I don't know what's going on with you, so... what's up?
So if everyone knows that natural opiates are addictive, then why wouldn't it be the same for synthetic opioids?
So, Dr. Zax, why, if you knew that Trimadone was addictive, why didn't you shelve it and why didn't you work on something else?
I almost ruined the raid on the Azure Dragon, and you only worried about my emotional state, and now we let the flagship of the Free Navy escape because of me?
The thing that chaps me is we hit a million-to-one shot coming across the Pella in the first place, hit another million-to-one beating three ships, and when it's time to take the kill shot, another million-to-one it's a dud?
Well, if you're made to read the greatest things ever written, that you couldn't do, and make you feel bad, then how are you supposed to become a writer?
Mistakes were made, but everything's back on track, so if you don't mind, we'll get out of your, um, hair, and maybe keep your little squid-dogs under control this time?
I don't know if anybody else has had that, have you ever tried to get in shape for a thing, uh, and then the next thing you know, uh, you're, you're at the thing?
I helped her get what she wanted, and now when it was my turn, she ghosted me?
Just to be clear, you disapprove of him for your sister-in-law because he is not wealthy enough?
I mean, if you're good enough to code anywhere, why not some place more cutting-edge, like, um... Oscar Mayer Intel?
You want to think of this as the time where you can relax, just think about the joy that's about to enter your lives when this baby comes, all right?
You think I did this to him... it's not about who's to blame, when you were cutting up roadkill with him in that garage, Lionel?
It is one thing to hold trysts in your cottage, but what happens when you go out into the world?
I told the nurse, if I was lucky, I wouldn't be here in the first place, would I?
That I'd just slip right into a brand-new class, and I somehow make friends while hiding that I have a son?
