That cheap stench will get on me, too!
They've been waiting for us at home!
Don't make trouble in someone's house!
My name is Kim Honey!
You can't even keep your own hands clean!
I've never received anything like this all my life!
Pal, that's all the possible we need!
You just said you loved me!
I know that this promotion means you'll have less time for me and our son!
I told you there are no monsters!
That's not how you deal with this problem!
Don't interrogate me like I'm one of your suspects!
Don't talk about my dad like that!
I know I've made a mistake!
You've got 100 on the exam!
That scoundrel Rancho is messing with your mind!
We're running out of time!
I just had some business with Ritsuko!
All I need faith in is myself!
Don't tell me what to do!
I'll remember to make it tomorrow!
Father, you don't understand anything!
I'm not accomplishing a thing here!
No Ayanami exists except for you!
Oh Dre, I am so excited!
To Hell with all of you people!
Pumpkin, they might want to question you!
You 're the one I want to marry!
It's the one day of the week that makes me want to regret everything!
Your crush also has a crush on you!
He can't treat Sari that way!
Take responsibility for your incompetence!
The food is god awful!
There's a dead body in the bathtub!
Well, now you've gone too far!
He really tried to strangle me right there!
I was just doing the scene!
The guy that we should be focused on is Ramone Santiago!
I just celebrated my 40th birthday!
I thought you said you have a photographic memory!
You are really ruining my day!
You must be so happy right now!
I'm crazy about that guy!
I cannot believe you two!
But you got all angry and hostile and crazy!
I told him he was moving too fast!
But not as handsome as you are!
You left me with nothing!
You have a lack of honor!
I'm a thousand million feet in the air!
You said you'd help me study!
We're running out of time!
Carmen, Johnny, we are so thrilled for you!
Hey, there's the guy who risked his neck for us!
You're the best driver there is!
You are nothing compared to me!
He just can't do that to me!
The kind that doesn't want you for a father!
Now you're leaving money for your mistress!
I'm just telling the truth!
I told her not to put this in the hallway!
You can't understand simple instructions!
Your arm must be broken at the very least!
Your contract is expiring soon!
You know there's no place to park!
Gosh, you almost forgot about this!
Wow, the neighborhood and the house are so impressive during the day!
Just imagine how he must feel!
And you're the one who wanted to join me to find Lee Soo-min!
You can't just run in front of me like that!
Put the gun down now!
You actually wanted me to die!
Two bottles of soju, coming right up!
Don't miss out on this great deal!
I have not done anything wrong to any of you, especially you, witch!
I don't want to cry!
You're not allowed to touch that!
Sis, I'll throw this at you!
Andrea, I thought that was you!
I thought you don't want to get wet!
Your old watch has no value here!
You can do this easily!
Let's give it up for Jungkook!
She turned into a stone!
You won't get out of here alive!
So, let's start the first game!
That's what I'm talking about!
We spent the whole day preparing this!
You know what, this would be perfect with some extra rice!
I don't really care what they're throwing away!
The following scenes are not on the script!
There's a burglar in the building!
You have to move on!
You killed my mom and dad!
This will fit you perfectly!
We'll be spending more time together!
As if I ever did those for him!
Nam-soon, I'm not that kind of person!
But that's not the end of it!
I practically spoon-fed it to you!
I said she's my daughter!
I can't believe what just happened to you!
You being here makes me anxious!
The patient in the hospital was a fake!
You all ruined my dignity!
Your child can hear you!
Give it all you've got!
It was you who didn't honor our agreement!
You didn't let her go!
I've given you too many chances, Alex!
You're leaving me for Victor!
You shouldn't speak to me like that!
I don't want you to need me!
You can't keep wasting our time!
You happened to me, Kate!
Severino Mallari will kill someone!
It's never too late for your hair!
The Director of Reviews has been calling you!
The bidding starts at 5000 minus points!
There are no friends in business!
I'm my bodyguard's bodyguard!
One rice soup with assorted toppings!
You can call me Kim Ji-ri, then!
Lim wins the first round in just five seconds!
Gosh, you're driving me crazy!
