After everything she's done, I'll settle this once and for all.
As I stood there warming myself, I took a look around.
There, this will be your home, where I can find you always.
Since Peping's death, no one bothered to manage the estate.
If we were still rich, I'd definitely wear clothes like those.
I have no choice but to call your mother if you keep quiet like that.
When one guy would move away, we never replaced him on the team with anyone else.
When my promotion was announced, you had no reaction.
I'm sure he's been stressed out since we moved suddenly and he had to transfer abruptly.
The real estate agent said the house would be empty for a while since they had a situation.
I can't run up to the fifth floor because my knees are worn out.
You know, because you keep avoiding my calls, my misunderstanding just keeps growing.
You know, if she lived here, I'm going to be so happy.
If not for her, this would not have happened to my daughter.
When he met my mother, we moved to a farm that belonged to Juanito Echevarria.
Unlike you, I don't have a rich dad I can live off.
I doubt you'll go for the interview after reading this
That's because when you look at reality, it's easy to get hurt.
Well, if that's everything for the moment I think I'll take a break.
I do not care who takes responsibility.
You're never going to find a man if you're always that tense.
We'll leave as soon as we get our cat.
It's only illegal if you get caught.
I'll buy you that book... if you have coffee with me.
When you're in love you can't put your phone down.
She raised us while my mom worked abroad.
You learned all these even before we could have coffee.
If we win, we will take everything you have.
I just wanted to ask when you'll go to the shop.
If you don't get there in time, Mr. Zarate will be angry with you.
Mom accidentally told me when she got so drunk.
Even if I tell myself that I am a good person, that this is my only sin, it's still wrong.
If I will live again, I will look for you.
And yet, I still find time to come to class.
But I stopped listening at that point, because it got really tedious.
I told you before, I need bears here.
Well after a dinner like that, you're going to get a little more than my heart.
I can't believe I lost a job before I even finished my first shift.
I don't have time for, you know worrying about flakey Reggie and what he's up to.
Because after the day I've had, I am in no mood to perform.
But no matter how hard you tried, J Cub was never gonna love you.
If he was calling you for help, he may have been trying to get in touch with the rest of the unit.
My father came to see you before he went missing.
I've been playing Russian roulette with him since I was 12.
Brian, if there's one thing I learned from working for Liberty Telecom... it's all a game.
Mom... we both know that if Henry is still alive... we wouldn't even be having this stupid conversation.
Well, everyone is so worried because I'm retiring in two years.
They usually make small talk first, before they tell us what they want.
After they tell us the design that they want, they choose the fabric.
The only reason we're here is because you decided to go after your girlfriend.
By the time you arrive, I hope to be ready for third phase construction.
When the time comes, I'm gonna need some backup.
But if you were on vacation, you would've checked in with your office periodically.
If it's reported at any Army base anywhere in the world, no matter how minor the infraction, we're copied on it.
Look, if we're gonna help each other, I got to know that you guys are not gonna go rogue, especially now that we got a setback.
If he was in the Army, I'd have asked him to join the 110th.
Never ceases to amaze me how far you can get into a place if you just act like you're supposed to be there and carry a clipboard.
If someone had called me first, I'd have held them for you.
Back when we worked the case, I asked Joe some questions of the financial side of things.
You know, when I found out what happened, I reached out to a friend of mine at the Bureau.
When you grow up, there will come a time when you want to go back to where you came from.
When the mother is happy, the baby is happy.
It already ended when my son died.
If they don't like my food, they can eat yours.
I had no choice but to be like that, so that I could put food on the table and raise my child properly.
I don't know if it's because God answered our prayers, but it turned out my son's grades were good.
If I knew this would happen, I would've let him date anyone he liked.
If she's gone to a place that pays her more, that means she's become an escort.
When you went away to college, you moved out, I've never seen her so sad.
Though I regret doing this, I must flunk you.
Although Mama left me with you, you took good care of me, more than you did of yourself.
If you get it right, these are the treasure chests that contains the essentials for you to have a comfortable sleep later.
Because if you choose to stay as players, there's no going back.
If I were the girl's mother, the girl's grandmother, I'd be praying for it to be another person.
People were watching it as if it was a soap opera.
He could treat himself to all of it as long as he behaved.
Whenever Alexandre tried to speak, the stepmother would talk over him before he could finish his sentence.
But if we leave him be, he'll get in serious trouble.
This happened to my kids because of my incompetence and misfortune.
They'll think I'm the captain now, because I work here all the time.
If I'd met you then, I wouldn't be your friend now.
That's all you've said every day, ever since I was young that I'm a mistake.
I like shopping here because they call me beautiful.
If I dated someone for a long time, I should stay loyal to her.
We have extra blankets  and clothes you can use  if you don't have any.
If they want matching attire, they should wear school uniforms.
If your phone has been hacked, we need to start by finding the malware in it.
He was studying in the US, when he died in a shooting incident.
It makes me nervous since you're both strong.
Even if it did, there's no other treatment we can give him for such an extreme case of malnutrition and dehydration.
If anyone doesn't cooperate with the investigation, I'll make them pay.
I'll tell you if you date me.
Normally, if a mother is hospitalized, her daughter would pay a visit.
If you stay there, you'll be putting them in danger, not protecting them.
Liana, there are no easy decisions when it comes to our children.
I've taken care of it but we have to clean this up.
If you do that again, I'm going to make sure you regret it.
If this happened to me and Dan, it would be an instant split.
I would know if someone told me because I'm smart.
If you feel that staying here is becoming too dangerous, then we can always leave here.
They just assume I'm having a good time, 'cause they still don't realize they aren't that great.
If you all so desperately want to take home that lizard again, you'll just have to earn it.
After they win, we'll make sure they appreciate all you were doing for them.
If it weren't for me, you'd be going home with coins.
They come to us because they can't afford to pay the doctors.
You need to like someone before you ask them out on a date.
If I work there, I won't earn enough.
If we've done something bad to you, we deserve to be punished.
When that boy comes out of the coma, he'll explain what happened.
You're a better man at 16 than I am at 45.
If we ever get home, I'll just stay there and never leave.
It's been a while since I've gone hiking.
If I enlist, I can get them everything they need.
In case you haven't noticed, there aren't many of them left.
This is the part where I ask you if you have a better option.
We have to get that off before Mom comes.
We don't know why, or if they're even coming back.
My mom gave it to me when I went away to college.
You've been taking credit for everything I've done since I joined up.
When I asked how they wanted to spend their Sunday, they said with Grandma and Grandpa Maisel.
I'm gonna go get this over with, if you don't mind.
It's been a few years, and I've just been a deadbeat, terrible mom.
Before we commit to the Los Feliz house, we need to weigh our options.
In the meantime, if you want to talk to the headmistress of the school, Maria Pia Cantiani, she has already been informed.
Ma'am, with all due respect, we've been working here for two weeks without even an advance.
