Just what do you think you're up to, ladies?
Where are you going to stay in Manila?
Were they recruited from some other team?
Do we have to go over that again, Papa?
Don't you know that it's bad luck to keep a plant with thorns inside the house?
Are we just going to plant vegetables here for the rest of our lives?
Is he still hoping that Hermes will come back?
Aren't you a clever kitty ?
Alonzo, darling, could I see you for a moment... privately?
Do you think you can handle the champ?
Why were you gone for so long?
How come you didn't know your brother was struggling?
Did you make any new friends?
Why do you do these things to me?
Would you like to make a statement?
What is the bureau doing about it?
Do you have a problem at home?
Does he like to eat standing up?
Why are you playing badminton in front of my house?
Yes, do you know how badly I need to get there?
Could you say something into the microphone?
Do you have a last wish?
What do you want me to do with this?
What are you doing with that car?
In January of 1959, how old were you?
Why are you always so untidy?
Don't your mom or dad bring you to school?
Why would I be mad at you?
Didn't you sleep last night?
Do you want to be on our judo team?
Why are you taking my stuff?
What about the mental pressure for the last four years?
Is this what you teach here, Director?
Should I've sent him by courier?
How did Silencer get Rancho's address?
Anyone else with the same question?
Can you tell us how an induction motor starts?
Don't you have the job interview today?
Why didn't astronauts use a pencil in space?
Are you a scientist or a teacher?
You have no pictures of her?
Don't you think I'm good enough?
Can you just give a minute of your time?
Does cooking for people make them happy?
Do you like eating with another person?
And so you're telling me to go without lunch?
You want to touch my hair?
Are you trying to get rid of me?
Have you ever taught anybody?
Can I ask you a question?
Have you ever been to the gym?
Can you help me with something?
What was your name again?
Did Seongwon find a replacement already?
You didn't get the book you want?
You have a new girlfriend?
Do I really have to read it?
Why are you always refusing my help?
You're the one who gave this book and the cold coffee?
Are you really named JD?
You really think your mother would want me to leave her?
Why can't I get what I want?
He's forcing you to pay your debt?
Is that the kind of relationship you have?
Have I told you how much I hate Thursdays?
So how long will you be gone?
Aren't you going to introduce me to your latest caregiver?
Why did you only arrive just now?
What are you trying to prove?
You want me to call the doctor?
Hey, are you available for dinner tonight?
Why is it so hard to believe?
Where you around the food the entire night?
Is he having a heart attack?
What were you two fighting about?
How many Colt events have I attended?
So, will I see you next week?
Have you ever heard of anything more ridiculous?
Would you mind switching seats with me?
How much more proof do you need?
Why can't it be the whole day?
Aren't you going to La Union tomorrow?
Are you God who can control your son's life?
Why did you have to provoke her?
Have you decided on the party theme?
Did he offer you a deal?
Why do you linger in the shadows?
Do you think what he's doing to Mom is right?
Why don't you kiss each other?
Are you getting a bit stir-crazy?
May I give you some advice?
What's gonna happen to your grades?
Do you realize you're raising a lunatic?
What do you say we give this another try?
Mm, you're sure there was nothing else behind the door?
You don't have some special lady waiting for you in Okinawa?
Why did you... make such a promise to me?
Does that suggest I'm here to negotiate?
Would you really want me back under that kind of coercion?
What kind of dragon did you say that was?
You work the late shift tomorrow?
What kind of book is this?
Where did I talk about the death of my sister?
Was he able to get any help from our contacts in Azerbaijan?
Steve, you also coming to help now?
Do you carry the knife I gave you?
When have I ever asked you for money?
Do you think that's a coincidence?
Sae-bom, have I told you that I'm a huge fan of Lee Seo-jin's?
How do you think I feel to be behind on rent in a friend's building?
Do you need to stay in this miserable relationship?
May I ask under what name is your reservation?
Do you even know how to use these?
Does she really have a place to stay?
What sort of a tour doesn't have some free time?
What would you have done without Cho-rong?
How do we do that with all these people watching?
Do you know why she's so pretty?
Did you buy a gift for your father?
How much could we even get for one million?
Was what I did really that terrible?
Do you think this is time for the spa?
How do you spot a cheater based on his body language?
What's there to study about gnomes of all things?
Is that what the kids are calling it these days?
