I'll bet a lot of you folks don't believe that.
I'm trying to watch this show.
I'm sure you two are gonna be the best of friends.
I already know what happened.
Besides, my husband is probably having the time of his life in America.
You ought to be a little more honest about your feelings.
I wish it would always be this happy and simple for them.
I thought you were going to the movies with me today.
I'm only informing you out of courtesy and respect.
We won't get the happiness we seek in this world.
You're a figment of my imagination.
He's only trying to be friendly.
I really hate to do this.
Thank you for attending our 30th wedding anniversary.
You're no longer the man I married.
I reserved the whole place for you.
We shouldn't be doing things so openly.
Your dad found it in the garbage.
I thought I'd never see you again.
You don't look so good today.
I didn't want you to be disappointed.
It was less than 10,000 years ago.
We could afford just one air-conditioner.
Your mom must've been really beautiful.
I was a good student since childhood.
I hope our personal problems won't affect this deal.
Thank you for serving your duty.
Yui taught me about the irreplaceable things.
I know it's hard to deal with reality.
I'm sure your father appreciates you, Shinji.
I could barely fit half my stuff in here.
Humanity has to make its own miracles.
I leave the rest to you, Colonel Katsuragi.
It's hard to believe that girl would do something for other people.
Fuyutsuki... I'll leave things to you for a while.
He saved us just in the nick of time.
You two would be totally perfect together.
I think he likes me.
I might be the one to make you cry, Mamon.
Because I couldn't get along with your husband.
You're the only son I have left.
Master Emil is not yet here.
He's the architect who will renovate this building.
I learned everything I know from him.
I guess I'll have to get you another painting.
She asked about you the last time we met.
He never asked me to pay him back.
I'd love to go out with you tomorrow.
I already have a place to live in.
You forget that you're a good person.
I can convince your son to work in the company again.
She still won't talk to me.
I have to talk to him myself.
Even a moron should understand that.
I hired you to cater my birthday party the other night.
It's always nice to spend an evening with good friends.
He was upset I wouldn't friend him on Facebook.
I don't think we should play games right now.
I didn't know there was a problem with the plumbing.
I get recognized all the time.
We have 4 contestants for you.
They were asking all sorts of questions.
Normally the episode would just start commercial free.
At least I'm smart enough to know that we all love each other.
He has to undergo bone marrow transplant.
I don't mean to cause trouble.
I sure hope you know what you're doing.
I've seen how you treat your friends.
They're the wrong things that seem right at the time.
Things couldn't possibly get any worse.
This is a song about a tragic romance.
I'm sorry about messing up your picnic lunch with Darla.
I went to a flower exhibit earlier.
The doctor said she may never walk again.
I always go back to the places we used to go to.
I know something's missing in your life.
She just got me out of the pound.
The leader does not recite the password.
You were too busy eating to notice.
Too bad she got pregnant in university.
Sometimes all it takes is just asking real nice.
No one even seems that afraid anymore.
I thought you said your phone was dead.
How proud she would've been to see me grow up.
She was paralyzed in an accident.
Nexdoria is our greatest threat.
The electricity has been turned on.
Your father was so... calm and brave.
I can barely tolerate the living.
You have no idea what's coming.
This time I'm personally escorting you to your train.
Ajax and I will go check out the conservatory.
It matches the description of the one the bank robber stole.
The captain sent me to have a look at this.
They want to get a lifeboat.
It's like you're dying with them.
All you need is the right teacher.
You haven't seen him in a few months.
Your moral compass is screwed up.
I will try to fast-forward my life plans.
That address is not on the map.
Uh, a magician never reveals her secrets.
You'll find it a lot more difficult on your own.
I know the world is hard and unforgiving.
You're the one that used me.
We have a million choices.
I actually have a problem with my thigh.
He doesn't give me a break.
I thought we were playing cards.
This is a replica of Dom Pedro II's throne.
She's having a panic attack.
This investigation will just go on forever.
Hopefully Rex had time to see something.
Leonora would like a word with you.
This guy really likes himself.
I want to help people that can't help themselves.
Guess we're just gonna have to do things the hard way.
I've always loved your sketches.
I can usually drink much more than this.
I needed money for my mother's surgery.
The entire village will get quarantined.
The Wheel never gives anyone what they want.
That's why everyone is holding out.
It'll start in three minutes.
Our son has grown old enough to get married.
