And when you are growing too old, you will make good firewood!
She's leaving because she's scared!
If you slack off, or if you die, then I will burn you to death myself!
If you respect me, you will respect everyone who lives here!
If you'd only look deeper, there's life in me!
No matter what happens, you have to stop them!
If we were your kids, we'd punish ourselves!
When I catch that killer, I will crush him to pieces!
But if you hit jackpot then you've created history!
If you can use your own brains to get over 60 then I'll leave you alone forever!
I didn't have time to cook last night because of homework!
We do not stop when our enemy is down!
When you get back to your family business... then you can walk away from this project!
Because I bet you, I'm a damn better lover!
As long as I am alive, you will never, never be promoted to wife!
Sari, if you can't get a cab, you'll miss the bus!
And if there's one thing I know, it's that he's innocent!
But I couldn't even remember the line because of last night's date debacle!
And you know what, If you keep doing this our friendship's over!
You wouldn't like him when he's angry!
It's a little different, when it's real!
I didn't raise you to turn your back on me when I needed you the most!
I'll report myself next time if you can't!
She wants to leave because you keep saying you hate her and are afraid of her!
I'll get you a bottle if you want it right now!
Finally, when we found him, he was in the hospital, sleeping in another room!
All I remember is, I was reading a comic book and then boom!
There will be no next round unless you tell us what's really going on!
I hate it when men make fun of me!
You're in deep trouble once I get home!
If there's a booze, there's a plan!
We're all gonna fight 'til everything's alright!
And if you want to see us at the games tomorrow, we have demands!
Athletes feel pain when they get hurt too!
He's the reason why I wasn't appointed as judge!
If you had just accepted the situation, none of this would have happened!
I held on because I can't lose you!
If you hurt me and cause me to suffer again, I'll never forgive you!
And even though we had disagreements before, I never thought of doing that to you!
Ever since Chief Go Yeong-ja came, I told you that my heart started to ache for no reason!
If you know where my family is, you better tell me right now!
None of this would be happening if you didn't stir up all this trouble!
It'll hurt more if you struggle!
If that girl resurfaces, you'll go down too!
I have every right to make demands after all the adultery you committed and made me clean up!
I will show you what happens when you make a fool out of me!
I'm telling you, I am burning this house down with everything I know!
If I hadn't told Daddy about their plan, we would've lost Mama already!
His family can't even afford to send him there, unless they used the money they stole from us just so he could attend your school!
Because of what you did, you're putting our family in danger!
Of course, you did, because you keep doing it over and over again!
Your mom was the one who killed Nico's mother!
If you start crying, they're gonna find us!
If you wanna make sure they're dead, you've gotta finish the job, dummy!
Brother, if you force it to brake, it will derail!
Only an idiot would choose death when there's still a chance to survive!
Asking all these questions about Xerxes suddenly while I've been up all night working for him!
If you're going to take Ro-hee, you'll have to kill me first!
If we don't find Choi Ro-hee, we'll lose her forever!
Unless you want to die I suggest you run away, quickly!
Rather than courting me and asking me nicely, you bully me instead!
And if I'm the winner of this pot, everything is on me!
According to my calculations, as long as you believe in yourself, you can do anything!
Let's see if you can stop this!
When I say the trip money is due today, I expect it today!
Give me 10 big ones for all the people who didn't believe in you!
Once the lights are out and the music is off, it's decision time!
If you see something, slay something!
So tell me where you hid the gold!
Stacy's father, Danny, if you could remember names, who we've known since kindergarten, is so involved in every single detail!
If he wants the people to hear his truth, he'll have to talk to me!
No matter how you look at it, I'm obviously more of a "cute and girly" kind of macho!
In a fight like this, there's no right or wrong!
If you treat us wrong, it will be the biggest regret of your life!
Aidan, whether Mila knows something or not, we need to keep her under watch!
To all our patrons who are hungry for blood, welcome to the Lioness Den!
The next time something like this happens, don't be so reckless!
I will fight for Ador until my last breath!
If it weren't for my sister and your children, you'd be dead right now!
He had to know why he couldn't live with his so-called mom!
You don't care if your son is sick or if your husband is terminally ill!
While you were coaching, it was so smooth!
You'd be six feet under before you lay a finger on my son again!
Things just kept going downhill for us ever since you came into our lives!
I asked you if she survived or not!
You could have made so much money if you just held out!
She's in pain after you performed the surgery!
I did this because you asked me to!
So that's why Ben's credit card statements are full of dog bills when we don't even have a dog!
If your Nanny Tating hadn't come back for you, you two could have gotten into trouble!
As for you, Lucio, if my son got harmed in any way, you could never pay back for his life even with ten of yours!
While you sit around all day playing mahjong and eating, I sweat blood all the time just to provide for your needs!
If you know what's good for you, don't ever come back!
Yeah, but we've got to sneak up them because if we spook them they're going to go over the edge!
But for sure, I will not talk to that Gio ever again!
What you don't know is that when you fall for their bait, they just go back to their regular cheating selves!
If you don't rush home, the situation will get worse and worse!
I'm not angry because you got zero points, but because you hid this paper!
If she married me for a reason like that, pity Shizuka herself!
Don't come crying to me for bail when Cortez shoves you in jail!
Because for most of the people who are close to me, that is what I am!
Even if we have different dads or it takes war for you to come, you're my flesh and blood!
And if it wasn't for that rat, Oslo would still be with us!
Everything they pitch for, they end up winning!
If I win, you'll have to read for me two whole picture books!
Things just never work out when you're dealin' with people!
Gabriel has no right to take you because you're mine!
My children was able to graduate from high school because she always buys from me!
I'll send you outside if you don't stop!
I just wish that Reggie was here, because he would be so jealous!
You don't know what you're saying because you didn't go through what I went through!
I knew we should've rehearsed with these earpieces before we came here!
I want this to end because it's becoming real!
We can't allow flights because there's a typhoon!
I guarantee that you won't last long here, if you don't get your act together!
So this is what I get after forgiving you for cheating on me several times!
Even if this were ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOP, I still wouldn't care!
I'll let you get away with it because of the 10 million won!
I'm a failure because of who I am!
You should have escaped when you had the chance!
Even if the whole world turns against you, we will always be on your side!
Yeah, you better go to your room before I give you a smack!
If she turns out to be unhappy, I don't want to look anymore!
You're just idling like that because you're afraid of getting hurt!
Since you got all this time to yourself, why don't you think about why I tried to punch your face in before!
