If we play our cards right, we'll be on Easy Street, or my name isn't Honest John.
Seung Jae gets excellent grades, and he has never had any trouble with his classmates since he transferred.
I once fell in love with a girl, and through schemes and betrayals by my best friend, she came to think I was nothing more than a He-Man Woman Hater.
I hope that what I've done here today hasn't forced you to have a negative opinion of me or how you think I feel about the great state of South Carolina, because I love it here.
Right out of high school, straight into the military, realized you'd never be all you thought you could be and that's how you ended up as a rent-a-cop.
When we arrived in the towns, people received us with open arms, and many of them even joined us.
Thanks to them, the carbon drained from the atmosphere and other life forms could develop.
According to his Facebook page, which I only go to about 20 times a day, he works out here every day, so we might run into him.
You know, Cyril said something about J-Cub doing accounting work for Ramone, But you know, obviously I couldn't understand most of it cause his accent is thicker than Borat's.
Oh, this is my Mom's birthday, and I wrote it on here so that I would remember to send her a card.
Come hell or high water, we're gonna find a way to dock and get you off that ship!
Well, um, CEO embezzling millions from a company down in Texas, where everybody's packing some kind of heat, and he was the kind of guy to use it if cornered, so got a little intrigue along with the number-crunching.
And I hate to be the bearer of more bad news, but when I was looking into things, Atlantic City PD told me that two more bodies have been discovered in Upstate New York, near where they found your other friend.
We got to talk fast, because cops are on the way to a body count and we got to put some distance between us and them.
But you call me dirty one more time, and I don't care if we're standing in front of the statue of the Holy Mother, I will give you that beating that I owe you right here.
Well, he was so polite and smart, so of course they were, but none of them were enough for him in my eyes.
I thought I would avoid him if I ever met him, but strangely enough, I became curious.
If you like, I can drag you up the stage but I don't wanna go there.
These people are telling us these horrible stories, but we have to, ourselves, experience this before we accept it.
I remember being choked, but I don't remember anything else when I blacked out or if I even blacked out or what happened.
I asked why his name was spelled that way, and he said it was because he loves bread.
Mr. Ryu's been looking for you, asking me where you went, so I told him I sent you to see a doctor because you looked off.
When you weren't around today, I kept wondering about you and I'm missing you.
It's all black money, so no one would report me even if I lost everything.
You have the right to an attorney, and if you cannot afford one, one will be provided for you by the government.
This is a job for the cops, not you, and I'm only asking you to help because I was madly in love with you too.
If I were you, I'd focus on your match, so you won't lose.
So whether you like it or not, I'll tell you what to do, and you'll follow.
Mom, if you see this note it means you have a runny nose, and your tears are already causing a level three flood alert.
If it turns out there's nothing inside that cargo, you'll be the one who gets arrested, so this night won't be a total waste.
When you get on stage, you can be whoever you want to be, and you can live any life that you want and not just the life that fate dealt you.
He really liked science, and he would ask me questions, even if he knew the answer.
If you're interested, just scan the QR code at the back of that card, and you'll know where to find Midnight.
When I was your age... my parents used to go from town to town, and they would show movies.
You're that Preserve lady who took in all those hybrids, and you're on all those wanted posters.
I want to help you while I'm in charge, Doc, but if things aren't to his liking when he gets back, we're both gonna get hell.
Rani, if we leave now, we have less than a month together, but if we stay, I can still find a way to keep you alive.
I lack experience in this role, and I panicked and did what you would do because it's the first thing that popped in my head.
But I do think if you're serious about making an offer, I want you to think about a number where you're comfortable landing and then go way above that.
If Phyllis had her druthers, we'd all be dead, and she would rule the street with that stupid dog, Mr. Jumanji.
But you and I are too close, and you are too in love with her, and if she's sentenced, you'll hate me, and I won't forgive myself.
When I went over to see you a few days ago, she was, uh, chasing a homeless person, so I stepped in, and then Hyeon-ju tased me.
That's why she got mad when things didn't go as planned, but if we apologize and take the blame, I think she'll be cool, and at the end, hopefully she'll trust us more.
We'll secretly book them a suite every week and let them have fun while secretly catching their gambling on camera.
According to Grandpa, he used to be very poor, so his dream was to help those in need when he made enough money.
I couldn't get in touch with In-beom, and my face is pretty torn up, so I thought I'd drop by the ER before going back in.
It makes sense that we get anxious when looking at the big picture, but the way I see it, I think we're doing pretty well.
If I tell you what I have to tell you, you can't call me crazy, and you have to promise to believe me no matter what.
I was making dumplings in the kitchen, and all the ladies there were concerned that your bride will be the first person that Naksu goes after when she appears.
I made you a sandwich, but I'd appreciate it if you started packing your own lunch.
If it doesn't work, then I'll shut up and we'll talk to my father.
I'd love to assist you further, but I actually don't have any information, nor was I involved, so if there's nothing else, then I'd love to get back to my brother.
As soon as the old man croaks, long-lost children of Whitney Vance will crawl out of the woodwork, and the litigation will commence.
Whether it's really infinite or not, I don't know, and I think that's wonderful.
If I fail, the mafia will kill me or I'll have to go to jail.
I'm trying to think what I wanted to share tonight, and I realized after the years we've had and the lockdown in 2020, it's really taught us what makes a relationship work.
The last time my husband had a scrape and polish at the dentist, he went to pay, and the lady said, "No, you can have this one free of charge "'cause your wife is such a good customer."
Our origins were the same, but I ran legitimate businesses while she ran back-alley ones.
I like my neck, and I don't stick it out for anyone unless there's a deal to be made.
Then comes a spoiled idiot who's never known what it's like to be hard up, and you throw the stuff out into the street!
I know it's just for two hours, but I said yes as soon as he asked me.
This special barrier has been fortified with the Imperial Sword, so even if it gets broken, it'll regenerate and not be a problem.
They were everywhere, but because they have massive fins that are highly valued in the fin industry, oceanic whitetip shark populations in the Atlantic and Caribbean have dropped 99%.
I know where your family lives, and that means you work for me until I say you're done!
I normally wouldn't care if I couldn't shop at a store, but I will make sure to shop today.
I've been asking you if we can manage all these projects, and you said "yes!"
It would have been very easy to avoid it, but I have to face this because I knew that here is where it's happening.
So I take it, if you can understand what I'm saying, and I know the brothers in the audience can.
I have a concept for a TV advertisement, but I couldn't come up with a script because I haven't done any research.
Even if I had a different opinion, even if I felt I had been demoted, I knew Fidel had his reasons, and you can be sure of that.
My dad says if you have integrity don't lie, don't fight, and study really hard then people will respect you even if you're poor.
I found this at the crime scene and I slipped it my pocket when the detective wasn't looking in case it's an important clue and could clear my name if they charge me.
He admitted the ball stretcher was purchased by him but he claims he bought it for his boss Elliot Butler who needed to be discreet because he's running for office.
I know you're not looking for anything serious, but I like you Reggie, and if all we can be is good friends, I'll take it.
We can dance a bit, but when I say we go, we go.
I know we don't have much time, but if we can find out what we're dealing with and why it's heading here, we can find a way to stop it.
I mean, if we're gonna do that whole thing, that wine you're drinking is mine, and that was $8.30 if we're gonna pay individually.
I have no idea why, but somehow we're back in the position we were when we deviated from our course three days ago.
They don't just access your records to see if your car's taxed, they look at your tax returns to see how much you earn and then fine you accordingly.
It's a little underhand, but if you help him solve this case, it'll give his career a boost, and he'll be indebted to you.
Well, if we had a normal, modern car, the console would automatically read the message and we wouldn't be having this conversation right now.
Then, 18 minutes after they land, they'll be separated in a crowd and never see each other again.
After promising that that will only last for a semester, he files for divorce from your mom and falls in love with a woman named Charlotte and proceeds to ask her to marry him.
If you'd left when we told you to, Parker would've followed you, we'd have caught him, and Yang and Bailey might be alive.
The weather's good here, but if we fly back to Naples, it could get bad.
Her doctor gave them to her after she got punched in the face by a shoplifter, but she said she didn't need them.
You don't have to tell me anything if you don't want to, but it might make you feel better.
It's very complicated and involves a lot of birds but the basic idea is that if you stand alone with a shield, much of your body's still exposed.
Tolya and I don't really do that, but if we were in Ravka, we'd be Heartrenders.
You were just two pigeons who I just happened to have plucked, and if it hadn't been me, it would've been somebody else.
I'll deny it if you repeat it, but the truth is, I couldn't care less if I have Lantsov blood.
I said, get out of the way because if it's a choice of your life or Patsy's, I believe I have Sonny's proxy to make the right call.
The split is half to Mike and me... and you three can figure out how to be happy with $50 million between you that you didn't have when you woke up today.
I just know how many times I've sat around waiting while you take care of your needs, and your wants, and your sister, and your ex-wife, and now it's my turn, me.
Gary and I met here ten years ago when I was studying abroad, and we promised that if we still loved each other and we hadn't found anyone else, that we would meet halfway up the Eiffel Tower at midnight tonight.
The thing was always overflowing, so I figured he wouldn't notice if I borrowed a few coins for an ice cream sandwich.
We got a lot of Callings ahead of us, and Team Save-The-World automatically fails if you run yourself into the ground.
The only thing clear about Lagos is that Nigeria's suffering, and when foundations such as my own attempt to raise money for aid, the message becomes muddled by special interests and the people who represent them.
I used to think it was because each time she hoped that it would get better, but that's not really true, 'cause she never had hope.
So, if you can take this to my mother, then you both can open the portal and let us back into this world.
I mean, you feel like that because they definitely do hate you, but they really like me and I'm gonna get this for us.
We all do cost-benefit all the time and we don't dissect every move because it's exhausting and punishing and false.
The place is pretty good for now, but if anything comes up, we'll be sure to give you a call.
We recommend you get out immediately, so we can take care of it, if you'd like.
I spent a summer in India with my cousins when I was about Kitty's age and it was life-changing.
Iguana's run loose in the Italians' dorm, and I'm afraid it's gonna get turned into a belt if I don't find it soon.
That first day I introduced myself to your mom, she acted like she barely knew my mom, but if you look at the photo album, there are so many photos of them together.
I am this cheery, not only because I have the most perfect boyfriend in the world, but it has come to my attention that I am failing almost all of my classes.
He begged them to stay here and they agreed, so long as he kept his grades up, but because of me... he kind of forgot to study.
She used to follow me around when I came home, and she'd tell me about school, even what they had for lunch that day.
After the week, we will hold a school discipline committee, and if the reason for it is still unclear, well then, according to the rules here, Gil Jae-young is expelled.
We were shooting at this house in Malibu, and when you looked in the big plate-glass window, there was this gorgeous picture of Marilyn Monroe.
We kind of exchanged details, and if I was in LA, I would come to the house and hang out.
He was from a well-known English family, but I'd appreciate it if you didn't try to find out.
Angela has no idea which PO Box belonged to Calvin and the post office won't give her that information until the estate has been settled because the box was in his company's name.
I don't wanna make your job any harder than it already is, but it would be great if there weren't any shots of me looking wistfully into the distance as I caress my own neck.
It is a really nice surprise for everybody and then, yeah, of course, you cannot celebrate because the next day you have to work again.
Pinot is hanging on, but he needs to get closer to the front and catch up with the rest of Groupama team if he wants to have any hope of winning this stage.
I really don't want to get dragged in the middle of whatever Conrad's in right now, but if something were to happen to him, I wouldn't be able to forgive myself.
I spent a lot of money on these brows, so if you could just keep pretty much to their natural shape, that would be good.
I'm gonna keep it brief 'cause I know you can't focus on one thing for that long, but you're basic and not nice to people, and if I'm being honest, not that good at soccer.
I'm gonna show you guys something, and when I show you what I'm gonna show you, all your questions are gonna be answered.
Bad things happen to good people, but if you have family and love, you'll get through anything.
Now I want you all to run back to your cabins and switch into your exercise clothes, because it's time for team-building.
I'll call Mom and hope she's in a good mood, and if she is, I'll take her for a walk.
