Uh, Bugler, when the man cub is sighted, you will sound your trumpet three times.
If you don't want me to tell your husband about this, keep your claws off my man.
Dress up on Monday because I'm calling all the news outlets.
Raise your hand if you get the answer.
Call me when you find her!
Ask Aunt Sari who should perform first.
But for the last five episodes, sit through a commercial featuring us.
No matter what comes, stay on the path!
Make sure you eat before you leave.
If you can't catch the killer, don't take it out on our son!
If you have a way out, use it.
If you want a suit made, please go down stairs.
When I tell you not to do it... just don't do it!
If you have any belongings or pictures you'd like to leave, put them in here.
Be careful not to get hurt while digging things up like your husband did.
Don't do it when I tell you not to.
Read that line as if your voice is on fire!
If you want to set them free, you must pay!
If you're in favor of Ji-hoon's execution, press the like button.
Please knock before you come in.
Eat this if you're hungry.
If you think you can beat me, give it a shot.
Don't give him water when he wakes up.
Tell me where you got those pills.
Bring it to me as soon as it's ready.
Respond if you can hear me.
Report if you find anything.
If you want rights, go to New Zealand.
Honk the horn if you see anything suspicious.
If it all gets too much, just say the word "gargoyle."
Tell them not to get too close unless we have eyes on the squid.
Talk to me in a few years when those hands are around each other's necks.
Don't tell me you're a waiter here, because I don't buy it.
Put your hands where I can see them.
Let me know if you want to eat anything.
Once your business takes off, give us a cut.
But... since Woo-jin and I just listened to you yelling at us, please listen to one thing I have to say.
Get me the address of the woman who runs the café in the Seongeun Building.
Arrange the cash on the floor while we're gone.
Find out where the guy on this motorcycle is hiding.
If he speaks down to you, punch him in the face.
Before you sign the contract, instruct him to delete the video first.
If you find him by tomorrow at noon, I'll pay you triple.
Hey, call me whenever you need something.
Stop hanging up after the first ring.
Since you're so great, stay here.
Show some respect, even if it's just for them.
Then you lean in to kiss her, place your lips as if you were gonna say "massive."
If you have a problem with those tickets, contact me.
If he contacts you, don't meet him alone.
When you go to the banquet, sit where everyone can see you.
If you are talking about Bu-yeon, tell Jang Uk to bring her back right this instant.
Turn left-- right when you get to the big propeller.
Tell us whether he knows the alphabet or how to count.
Do not talk about ghosts when we are delivering funeral drinks.
If they ask, just answer them like I told you.
I always think, whenever you meet any comic, if you haven't met them before, ask them which one of their parents was sick.
Throw away the flower basket unless you have feelings for whoever sent it.
Let me do this until you fall asleep.
Tell us who's responsible for this!
Let's make some ram-don if we're going to reenact Parasite anyway.
If you want Dr. Choi, get rid of my travel ban.
Please let me know if I can help you with anything regarding your center.
Let me know if he doesn't go straight home.
Stop drinking unless you want everyone to see your true colors.
Just eat when he asks if you want some.
Sing for me the way we used to when things were rough.
If Scanlan the Revolutionary is not back within the hour, promise you'll try to love again.
If there's no danger, invite her to dinner.
Just get me in front of Pramod Bhai before he talks to his favorite reporter.
Tell me when you're starting the research.
Clean up your mess if you want to return to our family.
If you see an opening, make your move.
Learn to accept the fact that I'm marrying Princess... whether you like it or not!
Instead of drowning in beer, take a bath.
Better brace yourself, because now I'm really gonna kick your butt!
Girl, if he courts you, say yes right away.
Please report that he died because of disease on the way here.
Go to Manila if you want.
Get your umbrellas out, kitties, because here they come.
Just text me if you have new stock.
Break it if you want.
Stop wasting time eating snacks before the show starts.
Get lost if you can't pay for a room.
Hurry, before we lose them!
Stop him before he warns the captain.
Finish your summer assignments early if you want to enjoy the last summer break of elementary school.
Throw a rock at them if it doesn't stop.
Carry it yourself while we run.
Please answer if you are there.
Don't call me if things go wrong.
Tell that to the gossips when they ask.
Look at me when I'm talking to you.
Don't take out your anger on me because it's your men who are incompetent!
Stop making me study abroad when I don't even want to.
Leave before I report you.
Don't yell at me when I'm this close.
Go outside if you want to cry.
Come out now if you're inside.
Check with my ancestor if you don't believe me.
Just quit if you're going to slack off.
Answer if you can hear me, Mun.
Just go home before something happens to you.
Stop acting like you're pretty when you got your whole face done!
Move it if you don't want me to turn into a monster.
Don't annoy me when I'm hungry.
Tell me what to do because I don't know what I should do.
Come back if you change your mind.
Don't do that when you're talking about this.
Don't tell my uncle, I beg of you, because my uncle is Margrave of Lower Lorraine.
Forgive me if I've interrupted anything.
Let's get out of here quick before anything else happens.
Let me know if you hear the doorbell.
Let's just get an annulment after I get my money.
Please think before you act.
Tell us where you're going before you go out, Father.
Just be brave, especially when you're alone.
Catch him before his knees pop.
I guess, give me a call if I ever move up your to-do list.
Move those things over before I leave.
Snap a pic before we go.
Cook a turtle soup for your health if you'd like it.
If you need a lawyer, write to me.
Wake me when we get to New York.
Please worry about me after I pass the interview.
