We go through all the trouble of stealing your racer, and you still win!
She can't talk, she's in shock!
It was so dark and there were a lot of monsters!
Your face may be pretty but your attitude stinks!
Then there was a theft and we learned that he couldn't see at night!
I'm different than them, I'm special!
I don't believe it, it's delicious!
Don't be pathetic and get the old ones on sale!
You're the one who came up with this weird plan... so don't tell me you can't do it!
That was a test and you failed it!
You're like children, you can't understand simple instructions!
I was on my way home from work and I saw Mother sitting in the garden like a new bride!
They made Yun-beom feel guilty all his life for taking him in, so they should've at least come to apologize!
So I didn't divorce him, but he still keeps ordering me around!
It's her fault, she did this to him!
I couldn't get into medical school, and I never dated anyone, so you were embarrassed of me!
I told you before, I don't want to bathe!
It's sinking and we haven't even started yet!
It's soft and it smells great!
Let's knock on those doors and I'm sure we'll find gin!
I may be stressed, but now, I have clear skin!
We'll do our best and we will beat them!
We're already the headliner, and now we'll be the opening act!
I may look stupid on TV, but I'm not in person!
I'm doing everything to fix your relationship with Sylvia, yet you keep screwing it up!
Someone's responsible for our marriage falling apart and it's you!
I brought my sister here to save her, but now she's dead!
You made her a monster so you could use her!
You could've at least left a note before you left, or given me a call!
Don't be so smug while your eyes are full of tears!
Her brother Roy didn't deserve to die, and Peter didn't deserve to die!
I'm sorry I can't take your offer, but, I can recommend another fashionista you'll surely love!
I thought this would give us a future, but all it did was pull you away from me!
First you take my house,and now you want me dead!
Get out, and let me remind you, my husband is in Parliament!
Our family's already a mess but you still brought Mila here!
I appreciate your concern, but I badly need to pee, Max!
Has you going down for the gambling ring, and it has you going down for all of it!
I took a hit so I could grab the foot!
I'm a Holy Knight, and we never surrender!
I have to try and save everyone!
I know it and I'll probably end up hurting him!
Her father is not rich and he's not even alive!
I'll keep this a secret, but that's it!
Please welcome an Irish citizen who's funny enough to make up for Jedward, it's Joanne McNally!
Leave whatever you're going for, get out of the car and come inside!
None of this is real, and you were targeting us!
All I wanted to do was to stay there all night and be the dog!
A thousand days to forge a spirit and 10,000 days to remind yourself!
I trim their branches, and I pull out all their weeds!
I want you to rub Vicks VapoRub on your tanks and dance around like the fruitbats that you are!
Careful, or I'll do it my way!
I just woke up, I have a headache, and I am not your client!
Everyone's mad here, but I've never seen a madwoman like this before!
There's a ticket to Vegas and it needs to be picked up!
I'm in my incognito hatchback, so I don't attract media attention!
There's pademelons everywhere and I am trying not to hit them!
I will rise from the ashes, but I will not have you hurt my daughter!
I'm evil, and I hate everybody!
He was gonna come and kill me!
You've been planning this your whole lives, and it's finally here!
I have tried to apologize, but you keep punishing me!
He's smoking again, and he thinks I don't notice!
Life is about taking the baton and shoving it right up the competition's chimney!
The priest started bleeding from his nose and passed out during mass!
The art is amazing, and the costumes are so cool!
I have my own way of raising my kid, so leave us alone!
The hospital called, but I couldn't get a hold of you!
I don't know, but it's gone!
Well, you're in my personal space, my comfort zone, and my sight, so go away!
Open it or I'll break it!
I get it, so stop being so angry!
Mom, we booked the night show so that you could come!
We were gonna go to the movies, but Mr. Hussain had other ideas!
No, get me exclusives, and don't tell me what we can't do!
You and me, full day we'll enjoy and we'll have a special lunch!
He used strong Wind Magic, but the Masked One cut it in half, completely neutralizing it!
There's nothing we can do with so few, and who knows when they'll find us here!
We'll surpass our limits, and protect this country!
Not said this in a while, but remember I'm your senior!
It's admirable how you can keep your spirits up, but your movements are getting slow!
They accept me with my shortcomings, and they stay right beside me as we move forward!
I don't mean to boast, but I can't do anything without everyone's help!
It's almost time and you're still eating!
Just tell me where and when and I'll be there wearing my red stilettos!
He is a womanizer, but he can't be a murderer!
We need to get away from here, or they're going to kill us all!
Stop asking questions and just do as I say!
Your mother needs me now, but I can't do anything!
Tell me who you are and who you're working with!
You came to me first, so stop playing victim!
You have no right to question my actions or talk to me that way!
I told you to fix it, but you only made it worse!
We're here to have fun, and we want to forget everything!
You had one job, but you let them get away!
Alexa, you have to leave Stella there, or people might accuse you of killing her!
I'm sorry to say this, but we're rich and she's poor!
They let their emotions get the better of them, and now, it's ruining our plans!
She just wanted to make an honest living so she could provide for our family!
You come down at 4 a.m. and leave after dinner every day!
This is none of your business, so move!
They show up, start streaming, and everyone sends them Heart Pangs left and right!
You knew that it was three o'clock, but you still managed to be late!
Untie me so I can help him!
I have questions for you and I need answers!
I locked all the doors, so you have no way out!
Things just kept going downhill for us ever since you came into our lives!
Chiara is still a minor, and I am her father, not you!
I did everything for you, but you can't even be a good son!
My head burst, and my damned neck snapped!
I struggled so hard, but it was all for nothing!
I made all my money on my own, and I don't owe anybody a thing!
You went on that boat, and you didn't take me with you!
Look, I got you right here, and I got Yong-yong here too!
She said she'd give me drugs, but it was a lie!
I may forget to eat, but I will not forget to pray that your son gets punished and dies!
I love you with all my heart, but I'm against that!
I'll find out about him and I'll call you, ma'am!
Everyone told me to get an abortion, but I gave birth to you anyway, and I gave you everything!
I can't understand it and I don't want to!
I finally realized there's a life for me out there, so I can't stop again now!
I didn't want you to be hurt, so I lied to you that your father and I were divorced!
He's my patient, so I'll persuade him!
I'm talking right now and you're still glaring at each other!
You should do something so she's not in pain!