Prove yourself brave, truthful and unselfish, and someday you will be a real boy.
Hurry up and pack your things.
Then get a pencil and a pair of notebooks and put them in your backpack.
Take your math notebook out and do some work.
Study hard and be a useful person in the future.
Get inside and go to sleep.
Look, give me those pictures you took of my bookkeeping records and give them to me now!
Suck in your stomach and walk thusly.
Go to your room and lock the door.
Leave my mother and end her misery.
Then bring Lee Soo-min's phone and meet me here tomorrow at 1:00.
Just get a kid around her age, in a school uniform, and take a picture in front of the school.
Don't be late, wear your uniforms properly, and focus, the tests are right around the corner.
So, you go inside, and let them know all of your concerns.
Drop the gun or you'll die!
Catch the person who scammed me and find my mom.
I will make sure nothing happens to you, so please stay by my side.
Do this for me and I will make all your dreams come true.
Just don't share too much and be careful with your drink.
Just hold on and secure your seatbelt.
Say yes so we can eat noodles!
Please continue with the procedure so I can get smarter.
Rush to Duong's place now, gather all the puppets, and bring them to my place.
Rush home and tell your father to gather everyone together and allow no one to roam around on their own.
Calm yourself, sir, and listen to me!
Hurry up and place your bets.
Lay him here and hold him.
Stay out of sight and get ready to stop the chickens going up that staircase.
Tell one, tell all, General Abbot has the cure!
Get to the clearing, set a perimeter, and I don't know, shoot birds.
Help me hobble up the stairs, and I'll give you a little zhuzh.
You put that back right now, or I'll tell the whole neighborhood you're stealing.
Surrender, or someone could get hurt.
Leave everything outside and go away!
Let me in, and we'll talk.
He has a quick temper so keep your head down.
Find the private loan sharks that Yang Jae-myeong conned, and then we recover the money he stole for a commission.
Come here and sit down!
Please look into Myeong-gil's men and let me know what you find.
Once we're inside the hospital, if I tell you guys to run, don't argue and just run.
I'll be there in five minutes, so shake him up a little.
Just flip it over and leave it on the table, so I can listen in.
Try to pull something on me, and it'll also find its way online.
Get the best condolence flowers you can, then fill up the room with them.
Tell me where to find Hwang Yang-jung, and I'll let your girl live.
Let's face my family so you don't have to hide anymore.
Review the reports for now so we can breeze through them later.
Put your hands behind your head and get down on your knees.
Stop talking and tell me exactly where you are right now.
Just stay quiet and stop talking.
Let's stick together and stay calm.
Find it somewhere, look at it real good and imitate it.
Stop talking nonsense and drink this.
Let him recount the incident, see for yourself, and then mourn for her.
Please give me anything that he may need, and I will deliver it to him.
Don't download any files or click on unknown links.
So gather the evidence that shows you didn't do it and come back.
Come out of here alive and I'll buy you a chicken dinner.
Write down what you want, and I'll mix the tape.
Hold my shirt for a second, and make sure no one spills anything on it.
Stay safe, and don't trust anybody.
First, spread the manure over the field, then cover it with plastic to block weeds from growing.
Don't cut your nails too close or round, but cut it so that it's a square shape.
Take it or leave it.
Kill her or else I'll kill your son!
Either offer proof of his wrongdoing or be quiet!
Don't go into the dark, or get bitten by insects.
Talk to Mrs. Hong and tell her to confess.
Mom, go to the store called Jami on Xuan Vu street, near Ta Minh, and buy a set of white pajamas now.
Check where the nearest store is and go there now.
Let's go to their cabin right now and confront him!
You all can walk about, breathe the air, and live with the thing you so desire, but don't ever dream of touching it.
We're in the middle of investigating, please go back to your house.
Run down the mountain and get help.
Scrub your identity and leave the country.
Mr. Francis, get up and dance!
It's secluded there, but always stay alert and carry the smartwatch with you.
We're supposed to cover the night shift today, so let's complete our last shift at this place.
Jeong-min, I'm a bit busy right now, so let's talk some other time.
Let's request backup and just arrest Ryu Si-o.
Stop crying and tell me what's going on.
Cancel your departure and evacuate the passengers.
Eat up and go to your room.
Listen to today's episode yourself and see how cheap and shallow you sound.
Hee-ae's in the recovery room, so let's go to the hospital tomorrow and see her.
Stop wasting energy and come out.
Let's head out and find high ground.
Get in there and find a seat.
I am a gracious lady, but don't push me too hard.
Do what you want, but don't mess with the Americans.
Let's leave now, get married in London, and never come back.
Stop dawdling and get up right now.
Cut the romance and help us.
Let's get out of here and get Dad out.
Let's go and rescue them.
You know, you need to, um, pack your bags and your hay, and... and get out.
Come back and correct your reason, right now.
Be careful with that thing or I'll punch you in the face.
Let's find that operations room and make him sing at his own funeral.
Wash him and bring the new robe!
Please collect your belongings and make your way back to campus!
Stay awake, or you'll freeze to death!
Just bring me a suspect or you're done!
Hurry up and inject her!
Lock the door and help me carry him.
Give me your address, and I'll come see you tomorrow.
Take a class, or find a job.
Don't ever meet him or play with him again.
Do Zumba or play badminton.
Take that hand, turn around, shake hands with somebody behind you, and say, "I love the Lord!"
Go to the chapel and get those!
Get your hands off my boyfriend or I will come in there and rip your head off.
Get your tickets stubs ready and listen carefully.
Move it or lose it.
Cali, just work at the call center again or just be a cashier at my flower shop.
Stop messing around and get to the extraction point.
Leave everything and grab the truck keys now.
Put an earpiece on him and show him the monitor.
Say hello to your grandma for me and tell Bo-hee to text me back.
Sol, get out of there and let them do their work.
Engage the readers' attention with clickbait, then make them furious, cry, and laugh.
Now sit down and watch the film.
Please leave the campus immediately, or we'll be forced to remove you.
It is my room, it is my stuff, so tell me where it is!
Wake up and gather in the lobby.
