So you've seen them, but you reject them?
She made us dinner and this is how you pay her back?
I haven't had anything yet, so how can I have some more of nothing?
You see each other by accident, but nothing's happening?
Do you have plans to own a meat shop and make a pig out of your daughter?
She got you drunk and now you're apologizing to her?
I don't have anything against Jorge Sotús, but how can you let someone with no experience take charge of the troops?
And it can walk and move its eyes?
You're not any threat, and they let someone like you be an Eva pilot?
You attack my students and disrespect my studio?
You want me to get down on my knees and beg you to come back?
Too busy to talk to the cops, but free to take Nelson to dinner?
Yeah, we know that from your card, but who are you?
Did he find out what you're doing and threatened to expose you?
So, Dylan, want me to help you get it back all together so we can frame it?
Listen, Officer, I hate putting it this way, but... do you know who I am?
So, you trust me now, or are you just desperate?
The fortune-teller, Ms. Park, mentioned it, do you remember that?
I don't understand, you want me to move you?
So who is this person and what does their other faces look like?
We're allowed to leave, so, why are we staying?
You took all the money three years ago, and you dare to talk about money?
Would you rather take the ambulance with a broken back, or walk out on your own?
I'm uploading Madam Kim's file as requested, so can you please take a look?
Did you take a jacket out to wear because it was cold or did someone  raid your truck en route?
You were being accused and you had the nerve to answer them back?
I'm trying, but what are we even looking for?
Because you wanna go public, or because somebody figured it out?
I wouldn't have minded being consulted about a new hire, but I'm just the head writer, so what do I know?
Is there anything about you that's real, or is it all just Gucci and lies?
Can I have my dryer, or are you too busy entombing your brother?
Yes. Now, darling, obviously, it's not about money, but was it really necessary to hire Chef Philippe?
Excuse me, are beds available, or do you only serve drinks?
You seduced Kang Ha-jun, and now you're pretending to be delirious?
You don't even know the guy, so why would you interfere?
It's clear Yang Jae-myeong is up to no good, so why aren't you doing anything?
Then his child gets better, and he kills himself?
Didn't I say... to have the contract ready by today, so I could spend the money?
I was almost killed, and you want me to keep quiet?
She secretly gave you a raise, and you did this to her in return?
You may not have dressed for me, but may I see?
If she comes back and she wants to leave, can I go with her?
Is that a cowlick, or are you just glad to see me?
When was the last time you wore those pajamas, and why were they ripped?
Perhaps he went out at night for some hanky panky so he had to take off the ring?
I would never ever want to put you in an awkward situation, but who is your least favorite person in the room?
You don't have to say who, but have you had any dalliance with people in comedy?
I'm an upcoming artist, can you take a look at my portfolio?
Could you go and see how my grandfather is doing?
Are you telling me to look at that face and think of her as my daughter?
Everyone knows about me, and people are looking for me?
Would you rather watch me lose sleep and explain everything tomorrow?
So you know nothing about him, yet you followed him here?
Did you grab my hand so I could recall an unforgettable memory?
Was he trying to reconcile or pick another fight?
Have you heard of the crow that placed peacock feathers among its own so it could act like a peacock?
You know how dangerous a fire bird is, and yet you are going to leave?
Can I tell the story, or do you want to dance?
Just one look and you can tell it's expensive satin?
He said he'd call her but why is it taking so long?
Why don't you shout so the whole world can hear you?
I'm sorry, but do you recognize this ring?
Are you joining me in my office or are you waiting for an invitation?
You didn't mean to do it, but you ended up pushing her?
Could we go for dinner and talk things over?
You want me to go out and buy you a bottle of wine?
Wait, you've been seeing this guy all summer, and he won't commit to being your boyfriend?
I know that's cheesy, but are you really gonna judge a dead girl?
So you're saying you took over three quarters of my closet and there are still more clothes to unpack?
Are you always this confident, or is this the Ferris Bueller act?
Do you know where you're gonna live and where you're gonna work and stuff?
I understand them asking for it, but why did you give it to them?
Who are you, and what have you done with my fiancée?
I'm sorry, Ani, but how many times have you heard this?
You know, Dean was never gonna walk again, so who would dare call him a liar?
Did you hear Tiffany went behind my back and got the Activities Committee to make the prom king and queen song "Wherever You Will Go" by The Calling?
Why didn't you just come in and say hi?
Are you really mad, or is this because Tiff yelled at you?
You will yourself out of a coma, and that's what you care about?
People gotta get rid of their own problems, or their problems gonna get rid of them, right?
Did he know who he was killing or were they strangers?
They were only making a suggestion or was it a little more mandatory?
Do you want to know what I believe or what I pretend to believe?
Did that sentence make no sense, or am I drunk?
Would you make me the happiest woman in the world and come to my horrible sister's rehearsal dinner and wedding with me?
So I'll just go grab the rest of my stuff and then you'll come get me?
Is it gonna chew us, or will we get digested slowly with acids?
Leo, we have work to do, and you dragged him out here for this?
When are you gonna grow up and start acting like a hero?
And end up with a worry line between my eyes like you?
Who are you, and why do you have a picture of us?
I leave you alone for five minutes, and you become a human?
Shall I change course and follow her, sir?
I just walk in here and now you're accusing her?
Can you show me your vault so I can see what a real security system looks like?
I know it wasn't Eddie, but how do you know it wasn't Eddie?
You got her drunk and let her drive home?
Excuse me, I don't quite recall your name, but weren't you on our ship, The Swan?
How about you put my chair back together and I'll see what I can find?
You're going there, but you don't know where it is?
I invite you to take part in the splendor that is my show and this is how you repay me?
Listen, why don't you let me live, and then I help you find Luffy?
Would madam prefer her water in a crystal glass, or would a golden bowl be more madam's style?
You gonna keep talking, or let me get some sleep?
It's not enough that you're working for our mother's killer, but now you're desecrating her grave too?
I killed your mother, and now you want to come work for me?
Anyone else like to follow their lead or do you all want to follow orders instead?
Do you mind going to my study and getting me something to wear?
Should I drive to town and look for him?
Yeah, so, do you think you're gonna stay on the show, or do you want to do other stuff, or...?
You have a chance to go party with Golden Boy and you aren't sure?
I give you what I took from your office, and you don't press charges?
What do you say to coming over to the house tomorrow morning so we can talk?
Is it better to have had a good thing and lost it, or never to have had it?
Have you lost your mind, or trying to get me arrested?
How far out is he, and what's his altitude?
November-Niner-Delta-Whiskey, are you using autopilot or are you flying the airplane?
How about we go someplace and get coffee?
I'm here almost daily and you don't trust me?
Did you expect me to do nothing and watch my child go insane?
Well, honey, neither of us has insurance, so how the hell are we supposed to pay for that?
You know how dad was probably gonna get me a wedding gift, or, well, at least he was gonna come, right?
Who are you, and why are you following us?
We came here seeking aid and you insult my friends?
Is it just me, or do these offerings keep getting smaller?