I will experience happiness, even just once in my life, and I don't care if the man who can give that to me is a former stable boy!
I wanted to know how the rumors started, so I asked around, and everything led back to her, the tteokbokki granny!
I won't let her grow up with a woman like you, you know why, because you're a good-for-nothing mother!
At the end of the year, our three 5th grade classes compete in art, debating, science, and history, and if our class wins, we get a trip to Magic Land Park!
I feel more nauseous every time you come to me and kiss me after sleeping with another woman!
Tell me where the Jew's gold is, or I start shooting people, one after the other, until you tell me where it is!
Vanessa outed me when I was 17 and nearly ruined my life, and now she's trying to ruin it again!
You guys, you're gonna get back out there and you're gonna do it again until you get it right!
I swallowed it all and kept going, and now you're going to be able to see again because of me, because I paid for your surgery!
Yeah, but he couldn't go to jail because there's no jail cell large enough for a man that size, so this is what we have!
I understand if you don't trust us, but this is how it had to be!
Look, Ashit, if the shooters aren't from your gang, the Crime Branch has thrown a full pitch, and I wanna be the first one to hit it out of the park!
So we will select and bring back only those people who are valuable enough to live in the new world!
Join me and together we'll create an ideal world where everyone respects each other and laughs with one another!
We may not be strong enough by ourselves, but if we come together, we can become an immense force!
He is having an allergy attack, so he can't talk because of the nuts we put in the sandwich!
I may not be as educated as you are, but don't treat me like I'm stupid because I'm not an idiot!
So I said a few things to him, but he threw a huge fit at me, when I'm like his brother!
They don't even know if they actually exist, but they're always bothered by them!
Give me a proper answer or else losing your fingers will be the least of your concerns because I'll chop your whole hand off!
When I heard your voice over the phone, I knew that you were pretty, but you're beautiful!
My business is legally registered, and I'm operating my farm without any legal problems, so if you have any issues, go file a complaint or sue me!
You were always too busy with the mill to make me a birthday meal, but when Kang-ho got into SNU, you even closed the mill and threw him a feast!
Lock her up in a hospital and keep her there until the election is over!
If she's giving birth to a fatherless child, she can stay unmarried and raise the baby on her own!
If I hadn't asked, you wouldn't have checked, and the patient would've taken aspirin until it was time for the surgery!
I don't care if this whole thing gets messed up but I will never wear those clothes!
To all couples, you can join the Newspaper Dance Game and win a free buffet!
It's okay if you don't wanna talk, but eat the food you're given!
If they're angry, they're powerful, but if we show any emotion we're hysterical!
You're useless when it rains, so please stand back!
Now I have 2,000 of those candles scattered all over the property where I'm getting married, and it's not gonna be okay!
We gotta find them before they use it, and this time, we do it together!
This was already her dream before she met me, but you hate her dream that's why she's unhappy!
I'm on the first flight tomorrow, so let me know now if you want any souvenirs!
I've been standing here trying to pee, and I was just about to go before you showed up!
He died because he thought I could help save the world, but I'm just a screwed-up kid who didn't ask for any of this!
You threw dirt on a good man, Baek Jae-min, when he promised to redevelop this market, all so you can collect the necessary votes from the working class!
You can hurt me all you want, just don't touch my grandmother because I'm willing to fight to the death for her!
And tomorrow... don't be late, 'cause when you clock in, you're fired!
You gatecrash my sister's wedding, break off my engagement... my dad is popping BP pills because of you... and here I am, helping you!
You're turning your back on the family... and the company that fed and sent you to school... just because of your stupid pride!
Are they mistreating you at all because if they are I want to know all the details!
We based our budgets and our programs on that money and then when it came time to pay up he pulled out!
I don't like to use this phrase because it's offensive to our kind, but you are a bad dog!
You want to destroy me because you know people are siding with me and it's because they see how hard your heart is!
This was not my role to play, but when called upon, I will show my devotion and eliminate all the tempters from my daughter's path so she can be returned to salvation!
Leni, none of this would be happening if you hadn't taken that horse, but you tried to run away!
So if unification guarantees that profit, they'll speed up the process so conglomerates can maximize profits, so it's giving them exactly what they want!
there's nothing you can do about it because this is public property and it's a free country!
You said you were cleaning the boat and the beach, yet you're here dropping yourself while getting wasted!
I told you to beat people up instead or throw money at them if you're too weak!
She hit on me when I said I was a doctor, but when I showed interest, she started to play the victim!
The shameless man who never admitted to his crimes, the cops who released him because they cared more about their performance, and the judiciary who made a preposterous ruling, bound by worthless law books and precedents!
You know, if Shelly hadn't told me that Grandma rushed to the office, I might not have gotten there in time and those monsters might've done something worse!
I normally wouldn't care if I couldn't shop at a store, but I will make sure to shop today!
You've become victims, and you'll continue to burn, since they're unable 'cause they're incompetent!
This is a wyvern, and it's young, and it's starving because you're keeping it in this cage!
They say if you hire smart people, they'll backstab you, and people like you just screw up for me!
Yes, we should help others when we can, but not at the cost of our own lives!
He OD'd this morning, and he would've died if the dog hadn't found him face down in the basement!
Some lunatic's trying to kill me, and I don't even know who he is or why he wants me dead!
But of course, under the direction of Eldest Sister here... who is both sharp and wise, and also heartfelt... and humane!
Due to your misguided goodwill, you lost the culprit, and due to that regret, and I wished you were punishing the devils who were deemed innocent!
I don't know where they met women, how they dated them, and how they got married!
Mayor Susan's been missing all day and I don't know where to find her!
You have no idea of the time when I couldn't hold my pee and I made a mess 'cause the seat was down!
They couldn't accept the fact that SFX is rising because of her and that TNT's sales is declining!
We need a solid defense who can deliver our narrative to the judge and convince him that I don't deserve to be here, even for a minute!
A man's dead, and you're the one who's responsible for his death!
I don't even eat marinated crabs, but because it's so good I'd steal to eat them!
He protected everyone at the expense of his life, and even after that, for hundreds of years, he kept on sleeping so he could help us and this country!
My name is Casey Jones, and the reason I have this photo and your tech is because you gave it to me, but not yet, because I'm from... the future!
That answer was much more detailed than we needed but you are absolutely correct!
Daniele, and I'm sorry if you think I'm crazy, but these seven days have been better than a vacation!
Here, everyone feels they can teach something to the others, but they're like everyone else, if not worse!
You would've all died of hunger if I weren't here, and I wouldn't know what to do if it happened to me.
Why, when I only idolized you, Gabriel has no right to take you because you're mine; enter if you dare!
Once people get tired of something, even if it still works, they just throw it away and forget about it!
He speaks a lot, but I don't know how much he really understands because his English is horrible!
You always get like this before an exhibit, and everything always works out because you're awesome!
Not even your mother will recognize you, and not even your teeth will remain intact when I'm through with you!
I hope you're not serious about this, and you shouldn't be taking sides just because your daughters are friends!
You got access to my connections, and thanks to me, your follower count grew because you hoard your face on my feed, you pig!
You don't want to see it, but everything, everything that's happening is because of you!
I told you she shouldn't slack off even if she changes her academic path, and look at her now!
She died because you assaulted her, and now she's gone!
Mallory came right up to me and she complimented my shoes, so I knew we were gonna be really good friends after that!
That's an awful thing to even wrap your head around, that a man could kill his wife and child, and if it's true, this is the fall of a dynasty!
I haven't told him I won just yet, but I'm sure he'll be happy for me when he hears the news!
She said she'd give us publicity if we offered a free upgrade, so I explained that our rules did not allow that!
None of my other friends have kids yet, and I have been dying to get some advice from someone who's been through it all before!
We have the Shangri-La Suite and we'll be partying all night, because I told you tonight is going to be a celebration!
I thought they would reopen the investigation if additional evidence was discovered, but nothing ever happened!
You're not bad, but if you're trying to tackle me into something, your moon is that way!
Everyone here stands shoulder to shoulder with you and no one feels funny 'cause we're scared to death, and you're not helping by jumping up and down on everyone who works here and doing it in front of the whole crew!
I don't know what just happened, but I think I speak for everyone here when I say I never want it to happen ever again!
Rather than meaningless deaths, it could be honorable, so their family could be compensated!
Miss Cali, I am one of those who saw the video and we want you to know that it is you whom we truly believe!
I was really anti-marriage before I got married and lots of you are so young, you're thinking, "My God, marriage!"
But your snipers shot at us, and because of that... someone here has been injured!
That's 300 over asking, which is more than we even hoped, plus that covers the renovations and even the tiniest bit of profit!
All those people you thought loved you, they disappear too, until all you're left with is migraines and a bad knee!
The transformation keeps mutating and it won't stop until the subject becomes a mindless, ravenous beast!
You are holding the bag until five o'clock, or I will incinerate your life!
I thank God, who I serve with pure conscience, and God hath not given us a spirit of fear, but of power love and of sound mind!
Then comes a spoiled idiot who's never known what it's like to be hard up, and you throw the stuff out into the street!
That head guard disappears whenever I show up, and that Oh guy always brings up Cheonmyeong, Cheonmyeong!
Now you went and sold the only place where I felt safe, our home, and left us out on the street without any means, help or protection!
I don't care if he gives me everything he has, or all his love and his whole heart, I will keep turning him down and crushing his soul until he's lost his mind completely!
You told me to become a powerful man and help those who are weak and in need, and look what I've become to!
You can track me down here and show up and invade my life like the shameless person you are, but the one thing you shouldn't have done is side with the monster who ruined my life!
I could tell the moment that he saw me, he understood certain things that I'm not gonna say, that I don't need to say, because I'm like that too!
Both of you had moved out before I was even a teenager, so it makes sense that we are different!
I was trying to say sorry too earlier before things went out of hand, but you kept ignoring me!
I was hoping I could make it up to you, but it's too late, because you can't remember me!
You must drag this out and wait until next year to settle the divorce to get out of child support since your kids will be adults!
I'm sneaking this out for you since you're my colleague, but you shouldn't get involved with Lee Yun-seong!
I know very well how painful it is when you miss someone so much, but you have nobody with whom you can talk about them!
If you were penniless, you wouldn't have quit even if your work felt dirty!
Everyone in City Hall knew we were dating, so she'd be too embarrassed to work if we broke up!
I started getting photos because he sent them to me, then he threatened to tell you I made him do it!
It has been three days since we ate rice; all the uncooked corn, malunggay leaves, and whatever we can eat just to survive!
I guess you learned what pleading the Fifth is from the movies, but you guys can't leave since we caught you red-handed!
If she's broke, I'll work every day to treat her to delicious meals, and I'll build her a ger if she doesn't have a house!
